# Chapter 114: Utterly Outrageous!

As Zhang Yi charged forward, the Crystal Lizard on the opposite side let out a roar and abruptly leaped.

Seeing the Crystal Lizard closing in, Zhang Yi instinctively rolled.

However, the timing was incredibly awkward.

During a roll, the rolling skill grants invincibility frames.

Within these invincibility frames, one is immune to damage from monster attacks.

But these invincibility frames only last for a short period.

So, if you roll too early or too late, you will still take damage.

Zhang Yi's roll was too late; he not only failed to time his invincibility frames with the Crystal Lizard's attack but also didn't even roll out of its attack range.

With a "boom," the Crystal Lizard landed on the ground, causing blue crystal spikes to erupt from the surrounding earth. Simultaneously, Zhang Yi immediately lost nearly half his health.

At the same time, '123' was sent flying by the powerful impact.

"What the heck! What kind of damage is that?!" Zhang Yi, in front of his computer, was utterly shocked.

Isn't this damage a bit too high?

He got hit once, and nearly half his health was gone?

In that instant, Zhang Yi panicked completely.

He performed two consecutive donkey rolls to create distance, then switched to a bottle of fruit pulp orange juice, took a sip, and recovered the lost health.

However, the Crystal Lizard on the other side charged over again.

Facing the charging Crystal Lizard, this time Zhang Yi didn't choose to roll. Instead, he pressed the right mouse button to use his small wooden shield to defend.

Yet, his stamina from the previous consecutive rolls hadn't recovered. Against the Crystal Lizard's two slaps, his remaining stamina bar was instantly emptied.

In the game design of Dark Souls, it could be said that in some situations, the stamina bar is even more important than the health bar.

The health bar might look good, but if the stamina bar is empty, no number of lives would be enough.

With his stamina bar emptied, Zhang Yi watched '123' in the game enter a staggered state, standing motionless like a big idiot.

At the same time, the Crystal Lizard's claws delivered a massive slap, sending '123' flying once more.

"No! Why is my health bar like it's made of paper!" Zhang Yi finally felt that something was seriously wrong.

If the previous Mount Tai Crushing attack was considered a special skill of the monster, he could accept it.

But why could a regular big slap take away one-third of his health?

Although he was a Deprived character, wearing nothing but big boxers, the monster's damage was simply too terrifying!

"Didn't the in-game messages tell you to turn back earlier? Clearly, this isn't a monster you can handle!" Wang Han beside him smiled brightly.

Because it would soon be her turn to play.

"Oh dear! Fight back! Why are you always doing donkey rolls!"

"Your stamina's gone again!"

"Fight back! Are you waiting for this monster to tire itself to death?"

Normally, Zhang Yi would retort, but now he had no time at all.

If he were to sum up his feelings at that moment with a book title, it would be *The Sense of Oppression*.

It was just too strong!

The sense of oppression was simply overwhelming!

The Crystal Lizard in front of him attacked him furiously, as if it had gone mad.

It charged, bit, pounced, and even had a move similar to a Rolling Wheel Attack, and its attack frequency was incredibly high.

It was simply impossible to guard against.

"How do you fight this thing?! Even though it's not very tanky, I can't even hit it!" After drinking his last bottle of fruit pulp orange juice, watching the Rolling Wheel Attack trample '123' in his game, Zhang Yi despaired.

It was utterly outrageous, reaching a new level of absurdity!

Accompanied by a shrill scream from '123' in the game, he fell to his knees, as the Crystal Lizard turned away in disdain.

The screen slowly faded from vibrant red to dark red, then black and white, accompanied by a tragic death BGM.

In the center of the screen, large text appeared—【YOU DIED】

At the same time, a bronze trophy achievement prompt popped up in the bottom right corner.

【First (achievement)】

Chen Xu had added many collectible achievements to Dark Souls.

Similar to PlayStation in his previous life, these achievements were categorized into bronze, silver, and gold trophies. Collecting all achievements would unlock a platinum trophy.

For a game platform, this was a significant factor in boosting player retention.

In his previous life, there were many trophy hunters, and even many trophy games emerged. Some game developers specialized in creating games that were easy to get platinum trophies in, as a means of livelihood.

Watching the achievement trophy pop up, Zhang Yi, though finding it novel, was still a bit speechless.

How long had it been, and he had already lost his first life?

Sighing, Zhang Yi yielded his seat.

The chair had barely gotten warm!

Wang Han joyfully sat down, briefly trying out the controls in the Cemetery of Ash.

But soon she exclaimed, "My money! Why did all my money disappear after I died!?"

In the UI displaying the soul count in the bottom right corner, there was only an empty '0'.

Looking at other game content, it was clear that this wasn't a loading-a-save situation, but simply how the game was designed.

"That seems to be how the game is designed. But if you go back to that Crystal Lizard, you should be able to pick it up," Zhang Yi guessed, even with a hint of anticipation.

"I'm not going!" Wang Han pouted.

Did he think she was stupid?!

She couldn't defeat the Crystal Lizard even if she went, and might not even find the dropped souls. Even if she retrieved them, if she died again, wouldn't that just be moving a grave for nothing?

More importantly, if she died, wouldn't it be someone else's turn again?

"That monster definitely isn't meant to be fought early on. It already suggested turning back, you just foolishly charged in," Wang Han said, while happily choosing another path leading to a cliff.

The enemies she encountered along the way, those seemingly easy-to-deal-with Hollows, were weaklings that took only two hits to defeat.

Successfully lighting the first bonfire, she continued to push forward.

She even followed the system's prompts and performed a 'descending stick technique' attack, smashing a Hollow's head.

Although the movements in the game were very simple and unpretentious,

It had to be said that precisely these simple slashing movements, when hitting a monster, combined with the feedback from the sound effects, were incredibly satisfying.

However, Wang Han soon experienced her first health loss in the game.

That was when she approached a large door, where a Hollow Archer stood. She wasn't paying attention and accidentally got hit by an arrow.

Her health bar dropped by about a quarter.

Looking at the health bar in the upper left corner, Wang Han suddenly had a bad premonition.

One arrow hit, and her health bar dropped by nearly a quarter?

With a touch of OCD, she took a sip from her Estus Flask to fully restore her health.

"Isn't that normal? I just lost half my health from one slap by the Crystal Lizard. The Deprived isn't wearing anything, so how could he be tanky?" Zhang Yi said from beside her.

"That makes some sense," Wang Han nodded, listening.

That's right!

Is a knife cutting through armor the same as cutting through flesh?

Her hanging heart settled a bit, and Wang Han passed through the ancient bronze gate into a courtyard.

In the distance stood Gundyr the Ash, with a Coiled Sword stuck in its chest. Seeing this BOSS, Wang Han and Zhang Yi's eyes lit up.

They were familiar with this BOSS!

It was the BOSS that was easily defeated in the online press conference video. No wonder it looked so weak then; it was the Newbie Village BOSS!

Not rushing forward to activate the interaction button and awaken the BOSS, Wang Han first took a look around the courtyard.

But soon, she noticed a detail that shocked her.

"Oh my god! This courtyard..."

Wang Han's eyes widened. Heaven knows what she saw!

(End of Chapter)