Chapter 647: Fight For You, My Lady (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

“Old Song, this leveling speed is a bit slow now.” Zhang Yi remarked with some emotion, looking at everyone's levels.

After grinding all afternoon and half the night, they only reached level 38.

When they first started, they could level up by running a dungeon two or three times, but now it takes five or six runs.

And compared to leveling up by doing quests and experiencing the customs of Azeroth, simply grinding monsters for levels was indeed a bit tedious.

However, the key was that the equipment here was simply too enticing.

It wasn't entirely boring though; there were still some interesting aspects. For instance, many books in World of Warcraft could also be picked up and read.

For example, in the Library Wing of the Scarlet Monastery dungeon, many books could be read. Understanding the Warcraft worldview and corresponding lore while running dungeons, based on some of the content within, was a major feature of World of Warcraft.

It could also increase their knowledge and experience, and unlock Nebula Games Platform achievements. Compared to other games, World of Warcraft was arguably an achievement hunter's nightmare.

Through these books, Song Ren and the others also learned more details about the Scarlet Crusade. For example, besides the Scarlet Crusade members who had fallen into madness, there was actually a group of clear-headed, righteous individuals who had left. They formed a new organization, the Argent Dawn, dedicated to uniting all possible forces on Azeroth to resist the invasion of evil forces.

“Actually, it’s not bad. The main thing is that the equipment is great, and it matches our classes well,” Song Ren said. By now, their luck hadn't been terrible, nor particularly good, but everyone had essentially swapped into blue and green gear dropped by Scarlet Elite mobs.

This included Song Ren's pants, shoes, and belt, all replaced with the Scarlet set, activating the first two set bonuses and further increasing his tankiness. His weapon had also been replaced with a blue main-hand sword called 'Butcher' that dropped from Scarlet Elite members.

They had also accumulated several duplicate set pieces, all destined for the guild bank, to be sold to other members.

“I think we’re almost done!”

“How about we try the last Scarlet Cathedral, then call it a night?”

“Exactly! Our luck today is super good. We cleared the Armory in one go before, so maybe we can clear the Scarlet Cathedral in one go too!”

At the entrance of the Scarlet Cathedral, the team members were all excited. Compared to when they first arrived, they had significantly upgraded their gear.

Their levels were also approaching 38. If they cleared the Scarlet Cathedral now, the entire Scarlet Monastery would be complete.

Of course, it would just be completed in terms of progression; the Scarlet Monastery dropped an abundance of items. Besides the existing Scarlet set items, the online guides from other players mentioned that the Scarlet Cathedral also dropped a hammer called Hand of Justice.

This would be a perfect match for Wang Han's Paladin class.

“Let’s clear this Scarlet Cathedral in one go and get that hammer to drop for me. Then I’ll have no more desires,” Wang Han said, full of hopeful wishes before entering the dungeon.

“And give me the rest of the Scarlet set pieces in one go!” Song Ren also looked forward to it eagerly.

Dreaming of their loot, the group arrived at the entrance of the Chapel.

“There are too many monsters!”

Seeing the dense pack of monsters, everyone felt a headache. Mograine, the BOSS of the game, was deep within the Chapel, receiving worship from his followers. There were dozens of monsters in the middle and on both sides.

Song Ren's eyes lit up as he scanned the surroundings.

“Let’s go from this direction, clear out all the small monsters in this area, but don't bother with the ones on both sides. We’ll just skip them and go straight for the BOSS. This area is quite spacious, so it’ll be harder to aggro the surrounding small monsters.”

Song Ren noticed a wide area behind the BOSS, which clearly looked like a suitable spot for a BOSS fight.

“Everyone, look at this area, isn’t it left for us to fight the BOSS? Just like Dark Souls and Bloodborne, there’s always a way!” Song Ren chuckled as he fought and led his teammates. Initially, Song Ren and his team fought every monster, but later they discovered that some monsters could actually be sneaked past without aggroing them, saving a considerable amount of time.

Isn't the map design of this Scarlet Cathedral meant for players to bypass trash mobs? Such a spacious area, it's pretty obvious!

Games like Bloodborne and Dark Souls had similar map designs!

Song Ren smiled brightly as the team approached BOSS Mograine. The BOSS was currently praying before an altar full of lit candles, completely unaware that Song Ren and his team had already crept up.

“Get ready for positioning, we’re about to pull!” Song Ren told his teammates.

“No problem.”

“Old Song, just go for it!”

“No problem! Charge!” Hearing his teammates, Song Ren shouted, taking the lead. As Song Ren's blade struck the BOSS, a roar erupted from the BOSS's mouth.

‘Heretics? Purge them!’

Along with the appearance of the BOSS’s health bar and its roar, to Song Ren and his four companions' bewildered gazes, the small monsters they hadn't cleared earlier on both sides swarmed over, as if injected with stimulants.

Several minutes later, back at the dungeon entrance, Song Ren's face was dark. What the heck! The BOSS's aggro was linked to the trash mobs? Was that open space not a shortcut for them to fight the BOSS?

“You can’t blame me! It’s mainly Mr. Chen Xu who’s too cunning! It looked like a map designed for us to 'cheese' it, but it was actually a trap full of hidden dangers,” Song Ren coughed lightly, explaining. This time, everyone obediently cleared all the surrounding trash mobs, leaving only the lone BOSS.

“This BOSS doesn't seem very difficult!”

“Yeah, he died in one go!”

“And isn’t he a Paladin? Why didn’t he use his invincibility?”

“Don’t plant a flag, I have a bad feeling!”

“What bad feeling? The BOSS is already down, isn’t he?”

Looking at the fallen Mograine, Song Ren chuckled, dismissing their concerns. Just then, a previously closed large door opened, and Grand Inquisitor Whitemane rushed out.

‘Mograine has fallen? You shall pay for this!’

With Grand Inquisitor Whitemane's furious cry, everyone immediately entered combat.

“A chain battle? So that’s what this is! Good thing our condition is still pretty good!”

Seeing the screen enter combat mode, Song Ren was surprised. He hadn't expected it to be a chain battle. But it didn't matter; everyone was still in decent shape.

“This female BOSS seems pretty weak too!”

“Yeah, and she’s a Priest. Isn’t this just a freebie?”

“It’s not that she’s weak; it’s that we’ve improved!”

“The healing hammer is within reach.”

Watching the BOSS’s health drop rapidly, everyone beamed with joy, as if they could already see the equipment dropping from the BOSS. However, when Whitemane's health reached about 35%.

Suddenly, everyone found themselves unable to control their characters. The buff bar showed they were under a 'sleep' status, lasting ten seconds.

Then, to everyone's bewildered expressions, they watched Whitemane trot over to the fallen Mograine, raising her staff high.

‘Rise, my champion!’

‘Fight for you, my lady!’

Looking at the two energized BOSSes, and then at their own status, Song Ren and the others fell into deep silence. Ten minutes later, the entire party was neatly resurrected as spirits once more.

Too shameless!

Too despicable!

They can even resurrect!

And Mograine hadn't used his invincibility even when beaten to death before; everyone thought he didn't have an invincibility skill. But now, after being resurrected, he's invincible in front of a woman?

You were faking stupidity on purpose, weren't you?!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>