Chapter 426: Setting Records (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

A Zelda game attracted countless players to get into Switch.

At the same time, it also boosted the sales of other games on the Switch platform. Some players got into Switch just to play “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.” After playing it, the console was left untouched, perfectly illustrating what it means to “buy a game and get a console for free.”

Some players chose to sell the console or cartridge secondhand after playing. Although the previous situation of being out of stock, and even secondhand cartridges and consoles being overpriced, has now stabilized, they could still recover some costs.

The remaining players got into Switch because of “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of Wild,” but due to the Switch’s inherent characteristics, they developed an interest in the platform and consequently got into games like “Super Mario Odyssey” and “Animal Forest.” After all, since they already bought the console, why not try these exclusive games?

Some players who weren’t interested in these two genres didn’t feel much about it. But those who were interested were instantly amazed.

Besides these, there were a bunch of mini-games in the Switch’s member library. Many players found that although the graphics of these games couldn’t compare to mainstream games, they were truly fun to play!

Similarly, not only Nebula Games’ first-party titles, but many third-party game developers also reaped considerable rewards from the surge in Switch sales driven by “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.”

Millions of console sales and game sales alike demonstrated the Switch’s potential. Although this market segment still couldn’t compare to VR, PC, and mobile platforms. But the key was that it belonged to Nebula Games.

Many Gaming Industry Designers and Game developers in the industry were also extremely envious of the Switch’s performance. However, apart from TengHua and overseas UEgame, which successively announced the acquisition of some struggling handheld console developers, there was no other sound.

Because many people understood that the Switch’s success was almost impossible to replicate. After all, it wasn’t a success achieved in just one aspect.

The successful positioning of the console itself, the successful pricing of the console, and the success of the console’s exclusive games. These factors combined to create the current Switch.

Even manufacturers like TengHua and UEgame basically only acquired companies to ‘test the waters,’ without investing too many resources. They were operating with a ‘what if it hits the jackpot?’ lottery mentality.

In fact, apart from TengHua and UEgame’s own fans, ordinary players didn’t even know that these game developers were also making games.

Chen Xu also didn’t pay much attention after hearing and understanding a bit about it.

During this period, besides “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild,” many other plans were also completed.

First, on the Switch platform, was the porting of “Dark Souls” and “Monster Hunter: World.” Some graphical content was indeed significantly compressed.

720p resolution at 60 frames per second, or 1080p resolution at 30 frames per second. When docked in TV mode, it could reach 1080p resolution at 60 frames per second.

Compared to the PC platform and the VR platform port, the Switch experience was definitely the worst. But the Switch also had an advantage: portability. What more could one ask for than to play games on a handheld console?

Besides that, what players paid more attention to was the Nebula Games Platform’s New Year’s Special Discount. This was what players looked forward to most every year.

Just like in previous years, in addition to the regular shopping spree and participating in various New Year activities launched by games.

Towards the end of the year, the awards hosted by major gaming media were also a point of concern for players. However, many players noticed a familiar situation with this year’s awards.

It was that, similar to last year when “Call of Duty: Modern Warfare” and “Red Dead Redemption” swept all the major media awards.

This year, “Super Mario Odyssey” and “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild” took all the honors.

Apart from categories like Best VR Game and Best Shooting Game, most of the other major awards were dominated by these two brothers, “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of Wild” and “Super Mario Odyssey.”

Especially for Game of the Year, “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild” set a historical record.

It became the first game from a non-VR platform to win Game of the Year. No other game had achieved this before.

After all, compared to the PC platform, the VR platform had an enormous advantage. Taking immersion as an example, to make players feel immersed on a PC platform, effort needed to be put into the storyline, art, music, and level design.

However, on the VR platform, the inherent characteristics of the device itself could provide players with a better experience. Simply put, VR games competing against games on other platforms came with an inherent BUFF.

And now, “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild” had created this new record.

However, what should have been an exciting situation, felt like an expected outcome for both Gaming Industry Designers and ordinary players when the final awards were announced.

Because all players who had played “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild,” and all Gaming Industry Professionals who had thoroughly analyzed the game, knew that no other game this year could contend with it. In fact, it would have been strange if it hadn’t won Game of the Year.

Thus, in a very peculiar atmosphere, this year’s annual event concluded.

Despite the new highs in popularity and viewership, many players complained online, saying it was the most boring annual game exhibition because there was simply no suspense!

………………

Activity venue.

After the annual awards ended, Chen Xu didn’t leave immediately. After a brief interview with the Game Department, he chatted casually with Minister Yang Chen.

The topic, naturally, revolved around the gaming industry.

“Mr. Chen, this year ‘The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild’ really taught game designers worldwide a good lesson!” Yang Chen remarked with a touch of emotion.

From the release of “Red Dead Redemption” last year, game developers both domestically and internationally had been making open-world games. And the templates were all based on “Red Dead Redemption.”

But Zelda, one could say, taught everyone a lesson.

Chen Xu smiled, saying nothing.

“Also, the Switch’s design is excellent, but only your Nebula Games can really make it work,” Yang Chen said with some emotion. From a design inspiration perspective, the Switch indeed had its unique aspects, but it couldn’t be called a revolutionary, era-defining design. Its phenomenon-level charm primarily stemmed from its characteristics combined with the games specifically created for it. Otherwise, it would merely be a hot-selling handheld console.

“By the way, Mr. Chen, will your focus this year still be on the Switch?” Yang Chen asked Chen Xu, as if remembering something.

“Does Minister Yang have any news?” Hearing this, Chen Xu instantly realized something.

“Although there’s ‘Call of Duty: Modern Warfare’ and ‘Red Dead Redemption,’ TengHua’s ‘Chaotic Heroes’ performed pretty well domestically this year, but the overseas reception wasn’t great. NetDragon’s ‘Shadow Operations: The Wilderness,’ however, performed quite well.”

“Furthermore, Zeus, along with Atrai, will likely make significant moves this year,” Yang Chen told Chen Xu. He didn’t say it directly, but Chen Xu could specifically hear the hidden meaning in his words.

“Also, the current potential of both our Huanyu and overseas Zeus’s hardware hasn’t been fully tapped. At the end of the month, Huanyu VR will release a patch that optimizes loading times. With the quality of ‘Red Dead Redemption,’ the initial loading time can be compressed to around 10-15 seconds.”

“In addition, both Huanyu VR and overseas Zeus will make considerable changes to their current VR gaming pods, adding an ‘Awakening Mode,’” Yang Chen revealed to Chen Xu.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>