Chapter 801: From The Elder Scrolls to The Maiden Scrolls

News of a beautiful elf girl follower appearing in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, and the same girl follower being available on the Nebula World Platform, quickly spread among players.

Even players who hadn't yet launched the game were incredibly surprised by the messages in the community forums.

“What? The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim gave away a girl? Isn't this a single-player game?!”

“I saved a girl named Tania, she's absolutely adorable! I declare her my wife!”

“To the one upstairs… hehe, I have your wife too!”

“Although Lady [follower] is also very beautiful, she can’t marry me, so I declare I’m going to marry Tania!”

“And in the Nebula World house, you can change her clothes! You can dress Tania in all sorts of styles—school uniforms, various OL outfits… Ah, I'm dead!”

Countless players looked at Tania on the Nebula World Platform, their faces filled with pleasant surprise.

Moreover, Tania wasn't just a static paper doll like in simple mobile games, only capable of saying single lines of dialogue.

In Nebula World, Tania, powered by AI technology, displayed different reactions to various situations.

While she was incredibly understanding, gentle, and kind, she also had her own temper.

If you treated her poorly, Tania would get angry.

And if you made her angry repeatedly, she would terminate her follower relationship with the player and leave your Nebula World home.

As for how to get Tania back home, of course, it was by spending… no, of course, it was by soothing her wounded heart, buying her gifts with Nebula Game Coins to influence her!

Such a portrayal made players feel it was even more realistic.

However, some players who hadn't read the instructions, after seeing a girl but not the conditions to unlock her, excitedly entered the Nebula World Platform and then strangely exclaimed: “Where’s the promised wife? I still only have Chloe! Why don't I have that elf girl Tania?!”

These players were bewildered, constantly asking customer service.

Their reply was: “Tania is a unique follower exclusive to The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim players and will not be sold on the Nebula World Platform.”

From a lore perspective, this was perfectly reasonable!

After all, Tania was the elf girl rescued by the Dragonborn from monsters in Skyrim.

If you hadn't even been to Skyrim, how could you possibly know this adorable elf girl?

Many players who hadn't bought The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim were speechless upon hearing the official response.

So, not every player gets her!

Regarding this move by Nebula Games, many players could only describe it as utterly shameless.

It was blatant temptation!

Game MODs were something everyone was already accustomed to.

Despite being a VR platform, it was considerably more difficult to implement MOD extensions compared to the more open PC platform, but many game developers were indeed doing it.

But the crucial point was, how did Nebula Games handle it?

They simply launched a MOD community. 

Instead, they directly threw an elf follower into Nebula World. How could players resist that?

Watching all sorts of videos and posts about Tania published by other players online was like the final straw that broke the camel's back. These players finally gave up on being the 'Wait-and-See Faction' and joined the ranks of the 'impulsive buyers'.

But after these players experienced the charm of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim and met Tania, their follower companion, they had only one thought: It's so good!

………………

Entering The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, Song Ren also noticed differences from before.

Aside from Tania’s follower MOD, there were some unique MODs in the game, such as the Dragonborn Museum in Solitude, more detailed character customization, a 'New Game' mode (Alternate Start), some hidden follower MODs, and weapon/armor MODs.

Song Ren read the descriptions and understood the features of these MODs.

After some thought, Song Ren decided to start a new save file.

After all, his old save file had a lot of effort poured into it, and he wasn't sure if playing with MODs would cause problems.

“Oh my god, the feeling instantly changed!”

After starting a new save, what appeared before Song Ren wasn't the prisoner cart prologue, but rather the character customization interface directly.

Looking at the character customization interface, Song Ren blinked. 

Before, in Elder Scrolls, managing to create a character that wasn't ugly was the mark of a master. For ordinary players, if they didn't use the default faces, they usually ended up making their characters uglier and uglier, progressing towards the appearance of an ancient god.

But now, Song Ren found that the available options had multiplied immensely, and they leaned more towards aesthetic beauty. Although he tried, his own character customization still trended towards the appearance of an ancient god.

However, there were several built-in character creation save files that were utterly transformed compared to before.

Clicking directly on one, Song Ren was instantly shocked by the changing face in the game.

“Holy cow! Isn’t this Geralt?!”

This character was too familiar to Song Ren.

After all, The Witcher: Wild Hunt had left a deep impression on him.

Song Ren's face showed surprise. This must be Nebula Games' official 'shenanigans,' right?

Besides that, he also looked at other appearances.

They were basically preset face models based on some famous characters from Nebula Games' titles.

At the same time, different characters also needed to be matched with various different races to appear more realistic; otherwise, it still felt a bit odd.

“So players can now create any character they want.”

Although there were quite a few presets, there weren't too many.

After looking back and forth, Song Ren finally chose a Geralt-like image and entered the game.

There weren't many choices now, but the key was that this character customization system was clearly very different from the original game.

In the future, Song Ren believed that there would definitely be some master artists who would create all sorts of beautiful faces.

At that time, he could simply copy their work.

He had absolute confidence in this. It didn't matter if his own creations looked like ancient gods, as long as others could make good-looking ones, he could perfectly copy them.

After all, in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, he had completed the related Dragon Language quests and other missions by directly copying guides and videos from the internet.

After selecting his race and face shape, Song Ren noticed the effect of another MOD.

Instead of starting as a prisoner in a cart like in the original The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, he was born directly into a prison cell. In front of him was a statue resembling an old woman, and through dialogue, he could choose his background.

Imperial soldier, Stormcloak soldier, or a mage apprentice in the College of Winterhold, a mercenary in the Companions…

At a glance, there were more than ten different options.

After thinking it over, Song Ren finally chose to become an Imperial soldier in Solitude.

He wanted to take down Ulfric, that racist. And from the MOD description, the Dragonborn Museum was also located in Solitude.

As the screen faded to black, Song Ren was born into Solitude's castle.

The game still featured familiar visuals, but when talking to the guards in the castle, Song Ren keenly noticed that the dialogue lines seemed to be different.

In the original game, when he arrived here, his Dragonborn identity was already active, and his reputation had spread there as he completed various quests.

But now, it seemed to correspond to the path where he hadn't gone to Whiterun initially but joined the Empire directly, so the NPC dialogue had subtle differences.

Even though the game operations were the same, the entire adventure felt very special to him.

Especially after he accepted the Jagged Crown quest, conveniently went to Whiterun, recruited Tania as his follower in the tavern, and then sat with Tania on a rock in the wilderness at night, gazing at the sky and listening to her hum the Dragonborn Song.

At that moment, the entire province of Skyrim seemed to come alive again.

It was as if the initial excitement he felt when he first played the game had returned.

“And it seems with this follower MOD, you can have more than one in the game?”

Looking at the follower spellbook created by the MOD in his inventory, a scene flashed through Song Ren’s mind.

In the magnificent Sovngarde, Alduin, the World-Eater, descended from the sky. The next second, countless maiden followers swarmed him, flaying him alive.

“This isn’t The Elder Scrolls anymore, it’s become The Maiden Scrolls!!” Song Ren quickly shook his head, banishing the image from his mind.

But on second thought, it seemed… well, it was a little exciting, wasn't it?

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>