Chapter 474: I Said Break Up, Not Physically Break Up! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Song Ren reopened the game. Last night, he played *Call of Duty: Modern Warfare* for a while, then went to sleep. Looking at the bright sun outside and the 'thank you letters' from his four good friends, Zhang Yi, Wang Han, Joey, and Wang Yifan, he felt like he was back in action.

Of course, besides personal psychological reasons, there was another very important reason: he discovered that in terms of game length, he was actually the one with the shortest playtime, less than half an hour. Old Zhang's game time was a shocking 41 minutes, which he couldn't stand.

However, after returning, Song Ren regretted it a little. Grand declarations beforehand, silent afterward. As soon as he entered the room, with the atmosphere, the fear of being dominated by his wife returned.

Looking at his wife, Mia, who had slept on the floor all night and was presumably no longer warm, Song Ren healed his injuries according to the system's prompt. Then he saw Ethan pull out the first aid medicine he had picked up in the bathroom from the four-dimensional pocket every game protagonist needs and twist open the cap.

‘Splash…’

The liquid from the bottle poured onto his bloody hand, then the bloodstains washed away and the wound actually healed.

“What the heck!?”

Song Ren was utterly stunned by the healing process. If it were like *Uncharted* or *Call of Duty* where you recover health by breathing, that would be one thing. But this healing method was a bit much. Just pouring some ‘hand sanitizer’ on his hand and the wound was fine? Is this reasonable? I think you, Ethan, might also have some serious issues! After all, what normal person would go to a godforsaken place to look for their wife who disappeared three years ago?

Song Ren was completely surprised. However, he had to admit that this hand-washing healing mechanic actually diluted some of his initial fear. His SAN value inexplicably rose quite a bit.

“Husband and wife are birds of the same forest, but when disaster strikes, they fly their separate ways. Mia, you're on your own! Our relationship is over, let's divorce and go our separate ways.” Song Ren looked at Mia on the ground, sighed slightly, and then carefully shuffled forward little by little.

But the next moment, he saw Mia in the game spring up in a bizarre posture, returning to her previous frenzied state. She grabbed Ethan's neck and violently slammed him against the wall.

‘Crack-crack-crack….’

Amidst the sound of splintering wood, Ethan was directly thrown through the wooden wall of the corridor into the adjacent room. Mia picked up the knife from before and charged at Song Ren again.

“What’s going on?! Can't we talk this out? In a civilized society, can't we just have a peaceful breakup?” Looking at Mia, Song Ren inexplicably recalled a news story he had seen a few years ago, about a medical student who stabbed her cheating boyfriend over twenty times, each time carefully avoiding vital organs.

But his Ethan wasn't a scumbag, and he was loyal! If you talk about jump scares, it wasn't as stimulating as a typical door jump scare. The key was the sheer sense of oppression!

Watching Mia approach with the knife, the oppressive feeling was overwhelming. Song Ren controlled Ethan, constantly backing away, but just then, he saw a fire axe beside him.

Mia was already upon him. With no time to think, panic and fear instinctively made him grab the fire axe from the ground and swing it at Mia.

*Thwack!* Blood splattered, and Mia staggered from the blow.

“I can fight back! I can hit people in this game!”

Song Ren was overjoyed to discover he could attack. He remembered that in *Outlast* and *Silent Hill PT*, there were no means of fighting back at all! The weapon gave Song Ren enough confidence. A harmonious scene played out in the small room, ending with the husband's axe gently kissing his wife's neck.

But in the end, Mia seemed to return to normal, slowly collapsing with blood flowing from her wound. “Mia… Mia…” Song Ren controlled Ethan to crouch beside Mia.

Of course, he wasn't sad about having killed his wife Mia; he was sad because he discovered the axe had become un-pickable. After several unsuccessful attempts, Song Ren had to accept the reality. He had just had an attackable weapon, and now? It was gone! Just then, the phone in the corridor suddenly rang, making Song Ren jump.

Looking back every three steps, terrified his wife would come back to life, Song Ren went to the phone and picked it up. An unfamiliar female voice spoke.

‘You really shouldn't have come here.’

‘There's a way out through the attic.’

After saying that, the phone was immediately hung up. This was clearly the game's guidance, though it wasn't impossible it was a bigger trap. But there was nothing else to do now. Song Ren carefully returned to the room for another look, and then he broke out in a cold sweat.

Because on the floor, besides a pool of blood, his wife was gone!

Just then, footsteps sounded behind him. As he turned, Song Ren saw his wife Mia had just passed the doorway.

“I knew it wouldn't be that simple.” Swallowing hard, Song Ren shuffled to the doorway, looking around but seeing no one. After a brief search, he used wire cutters to open the chained cabinet on the first floor and retrieved a fuse. Then, following the mysterious woman's phone tip, he headed to the second floor.

But just as he turned the corner, Mia suddenly rushed out of the room. This time, Mia seemed to be in a normal state. She grabbed Ethan's hand, her face full of guilt: “Ethan… Ethan, I know you didn’t mean to hurt me… I don’t blame you!”

“Get lost! Do you believe what you’re saying? What are you hiding behind your back, pull it out?!” Song Ren controlled Ethan, trying to back away, because he had noticed that one of Mia’s hands was constantly hidden behind her, seemingly clutching something.

The moment his words fell, Mia immediately performed a face-changing trick, pinning Ethan against the wall, her face contorted in a sinister grin as she shrieked: “But it hurt so much! You shouldn’t have done that!” Then, from the hand hidden behind her back, she pulled out a screwdriver and pinned Ethan’s left hand to the wall.

Two screams rang out. One was Ethan's, the other Song Ren's. Because under the haptic feedback of the VR pod, Song Ren felt a jolt in the palm of his hand. Combined with the game’s realistic graphics, it made Song Ren feel a phantom pain. It's like how you, as a man, watch videos, especially those involving crotch shots; you unconsciously clench your legs afterward. It's an instinctive human reaction.

However, quickly, more critical matters than this phantom pain arose. Song Ren found himself unable to break free; his left hand was firmly nailed to the wall. Under the dim yellow light, Mia found a 'big treasure' from inside the room.

‘Da-da-da-da-da… Whirr-whirr-whirr…’

The churning of motors and gears echoed in the narrow stairwell corridor. In Mia’s hand was a rapidly spinning chainsaw.

“Holy cow! What the heck is this?!”

Looking at the chainsaw before him, Song Ren completely forgot he was playing a game. The fear of death made his heart pound and his face flush. The next second, amidst Ethan’s screams in the game, Mia swung the chainsaw at him.

At that moment, Ethan in the game finally tore his left hand free, instinctively raising it to block. But how could a hand block a chainsaw? Amidst Ethan’s horrific screams and flesh tearing, his left hand was directly severed at the wrist by the chainsaw.

“Get out! Get out! Get out of my VR pod!”

With a slight cry in his voice, Song Ren immediately quit and shut down the game. Beating Old Zhang in game time? At that moment, he no longer cared! Divorce and break up, but I didn't tell you to physically break up!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>