Chapter 880: Dark! So Dark!

This was just the prologue, not even a complete tutorial level. The Minotaur in front of Joker was easily dealt with.

Next was the introduction to stealth for escaping the casino.

Similar to Joker's running and jumping movements earlier on the casino's ceiling.

This stealth segment also didn't require the player's own input; simply approaching a selectable cover would trigger a corresponding interaction option.

After confirming her choice, Yang Xin saw Joker in the game move behind cover with superhuman speed.

The entire action could only be described as incredibly cool.

Meanwhile, Chen Xu had also made some slight changes to this part compared to the original version.

For an RPG game, having enemies that are 'blind and deaf' (i.e., having poor AI detection) is a very basic setting, but it would significantly detract from the player's sense of immersion.

In the original, as long as the player controlled Joker to hide behind cover, even if a monster stood right next to Joker, face-to-face, it wouldn't notice.

On a regular gaming platform, it might not be a big deal with a large screen, but VR games are different; the sense of immersion from being in the environment is much stronger.

Imagine in the game, the player's Joker is face-to-face with a monster, almost touching.

Then the monster would frown and strangely ask: "Where did they go?"

That would instantly break the atmosphere and deal a huge blow to the player's immersion.

Therefore, Chen Xu redesigned the corresponding actions and adjusted the monster patrol paths to avoid such awkward situations.

Moreover, depending on the scene, Joker's infiltration movements in the game were also redesigned.

It could be said that apart from not allowing players direct control, this aspect of the game was on par with action games like *Uncharted*.

With the help of a mysterious red-haired female phantom thief, Yang Xin, controlling Joker in the game, easily evaded the pursuers who had spotted her.

"Over there...!"

Joker, seemingly at a dead end, looked at the huge glass pane in front of the casino, and behind him, the voices of approaching security guards echoed.

"You have nowhere left to run!"

A group of security guards, clutching pistols, cautiously approached Joker.

Without a word, Joker stood before the balcony with a confident smile, then propped one hand on the railing. Using that support, Joker flipped onto the railing and ran along the balcony's corridor towards the glass exit.

By the time the armed security guards came to their senses and gave chase, Joker had already reached his destination.

Still with that confident smile, lips slightly curled, Joker knelt on one knee, looking back at the security guards.

"See you next time!"

As Joker's words fell, he shielded his head with both hands, leaped up, and crashed through the thick glass.

Accompanied by the glittering lights of the casino and shards of glass, Joker even performed a 360-degree aerial maneuver.

A full moon, glass shards, and Joker overlapped.

"Always so dramatic!"

"That's just reckless!"

His comrades' chuckles came through the wireless headset.

Yang Xin, immersed in the game, was utterly thrilled.

She was practically beside herself, because this guy called Joker was just too cool!

If it came to showing off, Yang Xin felt that among Nebula Games' many IPs, Joker, based on his current performance, could easily contend for the top spot.

As long as he didn't end up like Sephiroth from *Final Fantasy*, always dying to his own named theme music.

However, her excitement didn't last ten seconds; the subsequent events completely stunned Yang Xin.

Countless searchlights shone on Joker. Hundreds of police officers, armed with riot shields and pistols, had completely surrounded the casino entrance.

Even Joker, who had just finished his cool display, was stunned. Not only that, but every escape route, including nearby ladders, was fully occupied by enemies.

Caught in this inescapable net, Joker was immediately knocked to the ground by a rifle butt and pinned down by two officers.

The leading police captain walked up, grabbed Joker by the hair, and looked at him.

"Just a kid... If you want to hate someone, hate your companions!"

"...You were sold out!"

??????????

There's a traitor in the team!

To Yang Xin's astonishment, Joker in the game was immediately incarcerated. However, this also allowed her to see Joker's true appearance.

His messy, dark black hair and deep gray pupils made him appear somewhat gentle, a complete contrast to the phantom thief Joker with his white bird mask.

After the incarceration registration was complete, Yang Xin's vision plunged into darkness.

At the same time, faint whispers of conversation reached her ears.

"Too much sedative?"

"Wake him up."

After the words fell, there was a splash of water, and then Yang Xin's vision gradually returned.

At this moment, Ren Amamiya was covered in wounds, strapped to an interrogation chair, with a discarded syringe on the floor beside him.

"Don't sleep. Don't you understand? Stop wasting your energy!"

Ren Amamiya, who had just woken up and instinctively struggled, was immediately beaten by the interrogating officer.

"Behave yourself... or do you want another shot?"

"Hmm... you're very concerned about the surveillance cameras? Do you perhaps have some expectations for the Visualization Act?"

"Thanks to you, kid, we get to... work our butts off!"

Stomping on his head, grabbing his head, kicking his abdomen.

A series of combos like that completely bewildered Yang Xin in the game.

They said he could compete with Sephiroth for Nebula Games' top King of Bragging?

And now he's been betrayed by a traitor and caught?

And being tortured like this?

"Obstruction of business, intimidation, defamation, conspiracy to carry weapons... and murder, right? You've got the whole package!"

"The mastermind behind so many crimes is just this kid..."

"And you seem to be enjoying it... aren't you?"

"Sign your name here!"

In the game, the officer, who had his subordinates remove Joker's handcuffs, brought a confession document to Joker.

"This is a confession written in your name."

What does that mean?

A confession written in my name!?

"I'm innocent!" Yang Xin instinctively chose to refuse.

At this point, Ren Amamiya in the game also made a corresponding action, sweeping away the so-called confession.

"Is that so... Although the signature must be done by hand... it shouldn't matter if you're missing a leg, right?"

A very strong vibration feedback came from her right leg in the gaming pod, but Yang Xin didn't pay attention to it then.

Only one thought filled her mind: Coerced confession!

"Dark! Dark! It's too dark! The surveillance is just for show! And now they're coercing a confession!" Yang Xin, who had almost forgotten she was experiencing a next-gen game, shouted with great immersion.

How is this any different from ancient times, where criminals were brutally beaten, then their hands forced onto a confession decree? It's too dark!

"But... this is for naming my character?"

"You should have said so earlier! I took a beating for nothing!"

Looking at the appearing UI interface, Yang Xin was speechless.

She didn't rename the character, instead sticking with the game's initial name, Ren Amamiya.

But as Yang Xin confirmed her choice, she froze.

Because the game screen showed no reaction at all, as if time had frozen.

Yang Xin was a bit bewildered: "What's going on? Is it stuck? A bug?"

Just then, Chen Xu's voice came from outside: "Alright, come on out. This is as far as the playable content goes for now."

"What the heck?! Mr. Chen, are you doing this on purpose!?" Emerging from the gaming pod, Yang Xin's eyes were wide.

It wasn't that she hadn't had enough fun.

It was the experience!

Failed showing off, incarcerated, brutally beaten, and dark oppression.

Although she wasn't involved in this project, following a 'build-up and eventual triumph' narrative, Joker should have risen to power later to give players a satisfying experience.

But what the heck was this? This internal playtest ended after she got a beating and named the character?

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>