Chapter 6: This is a Professional Game Designer's Judgment

Days passed one by one.

After completing the final CG artwork and editing the corresponding audio and subtitles, Chen Xu looked at the game source files generated on the computer and showed an excited expression: “Mission accomplished!”

“So, are we looking for a game publishing company now?” Ruan Ningxue, standing nearby, was also a little excited.

After all, this was a project she had worked hard on for a month.

Though, she hadn't received a single cent of salary from Chen Xu.

“No.” Hearing Ruan Ningxue’s words, Chen Xu gently shook his head.

“Huh?” Ruan Ningxue was a little surprised.

Although she didn't understand games, she knew that Chen Xu's current status should be considered an independent game developer.

Just like drawing comics or making movies, shouldn't he be looking for a publishing house or a film distribution company?

“Games are a bit different. Also, for games, we won't be using domestic platforms, but official overseas game platforms.”

“It can also be directly connected from within the country.”

“After all, there’s no other way. It’s like selling doujinshi; we mainly use overseas platforms. *Mirror (Game)* is 100% an 18R game, and this type of genre is actually quite awkward.” Chen Xu explained to Ruan Ningxue.

“Then Chen Xu, why are you still making this type of game?”

Ruan Ningxue was a bit puzzled. According to his explanation, it felt as though the game would be stillborn before it even launched.

Although, if that were truly the case, it would mean Chen Xu could become her assistant.

But honestly, Ruan Ningxue's current thoughts were a little different from her initial ones after spending a month with Chen Xu.

She had a greatly changed perception of Chen Xu, and at the same time, she had gained a basic understanding of the gaming industry, finding it quite interesting.

Moreover, her own effort and dedication had gone into it, so she genuinely hoped for its success.

“You have to take things one step at a time. For the follow-up preparations of *Mirror (Game)*, I am fully ready. Senior Sister, just wait for my good news then, I'll definitely give you a generous bonus!” Chen Xu smiled slightly.

“Alright, I’ll be waiting then.” Ruan Ningxue looked at the confident-looking Chen Xu. Although perplexed internally, she still nodded along.

In a residential community in Modu.

A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans was at Ruan Ningxue’s home.

“Xiaoxue, are you really not considering coming to help me? With your artistry combined with my game design abilities, we could definitely make a big name for ourselves in the gaming industry!”

Looking at the enthusiastic Yang Xin in front of her, and placing the juice she held onto the coffee table, Ruan Ningxue felt as though she could now understand Chen Xu's feelings.

“Sister Xin, I don’t mean to discourage you, but you’ve developed three games already, and it seems like all of them have lost money, right?” Ruan Ningxue said, rolling her eyes.

Previously, she didn't know much about games, but she had worked on a game with Chen Xu for a month.

Even though for her, her work wasn’t much different from drawing doujinshi before; it was still drawing.

But she had learned a bit about games, and then she discovered that Yang Xin, who used to boast to her, hadn't had a single game that broke even.

“Next time, it will definitely be a huge success! As long as you come and help me, Xiaoxue!” Yang Xin said, full of confidence.

“Oh, come on. Didn’t Uncle Yang and you, Sister Xin, agree that once the startup capital ran out, he wouldn’t inject more funds? So, Sister Xin, you…?” Ruan Ningxue, sitting on the sofa, expressed doubt, looking at the confident Yang Xin.

“Ahem, by the way, how’s that game your junior brother made, Xiaoxue? Has he found a publisher? Do you want me to take the lead in introducing one?” Yang Xin coughed lightly, changing the subject.

“No need for that. Chen Xu said he’d launch it directly on official platforms and wouldn’t look for a game publisher.” Remembering what Chen Xu had said earlier, Ruan Ningxue shook her head.

“Not looking for a publisher? That’s a big disadvantage. Without resource promotion from third-party platforms, relying solely on new game listing recommendations from official platforms, it’ll be hard to make a breakthrough unless its quality is exceptionally high,” Yang Xin said, speaking as someone with experience.

“Uh, Sister Xin, Chen Xu said the game also doesn't seem to have new game listings, and it’s uploaded to an overseas version of the platform.” Ruan Ningxue recalled some of the things she discussed with Chen Xu yesterday.

“No new game listings? Overseas platform? An 18R content game!? No wonder he came to you, Xiaoxue, but your junior brother is really taking things for granted. Purely erotic games are very difficult to become popular,” Yang Xin, who was quite knowledgeable about the gaming industry, immediately understood the game’s genre upon hearing Ruan Ningxue’s words.

Even some bloody and violent games, as long as they weren’t too excessive, usually still received new game listing recommendations on official platforms.

But not launching on domestic platforms, choosing overseas platforms, and still having no new game listings.

Games that received this kind of treatment were basically 18R games.

“No way? Chen Xu should have his own plans, right? And *Mirror (Game)* isn’t just a purely 18R game; it also has rich story content.” Ruan Ningxue thought of Chen Xu's self-assured demeanor earlier and said with some uncertainty.

“How could I not understand? You said your junior brother’s artistic skill isn’t inferior to yours, right? He sought you out precisely because he wants to use art as a selling point. But games can’t succeed by simply relying on art. As for content? What kind of content can an 18R game possibly have?”

“This is a judgment from a professional game developer! Plus, with no new game listings and no third-party publishing company, unless he advertises on a massive scale himself, it’s highly likely he won't even make a ripple.” Yang Xin bravely delivered her judgment.

“Then, Sister Xin, do you think that game can achieve a sales volume of over 50,000?” Ruan Ningxue asked, looking at the confident Yang Xin.

“Impossible!”

Although she hadn't yet seen the game Ruan Ningxue was involved in.

But Yang Xin still confidently issued a death sentence for it.

After all, based on the information she had: a small-budget independent game, no publisher, an 18R game, only two people involved, and the other person seemed to have previously been a comic artist, only having done some outsourcing for games.

18R games, while always having many potential users.

After all, who isn’t a lewd person?

Yet, the competition for such games is quite fierce.

So, how could such a combination produce a successful game?

One must know that she herself had developed three failed games, and was well aware of the difficulties of the gaming industry.

“Although 50,000 is impossible, 18R games are generally priced relatively cheaply. And with your artistic skill, Ningxue, if the quality is decent, it could have a significant advantage, and perhaps 10,000 sales could be expected. At least it wouldn't lose money.”

“From a risk perspective, 18R games indeed carry less risk,” Yang Xin said, offering a little comfort to Ruan Ningxue.

“This is a professional game designer’s judgment!” After thinking for a moment, Yang Xin added.

“I see.” Ruan Ningxue, who currently had only a partial understanding of the gaming industry, had a hint of worry on her face.

(End of this chapter)