Chapter 651: Mr. Chen, You Can Even Break Hearts with an MMORPG? (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Historically, everyone in Darrowshire was slaughtered.

But in this re-enacted 'history,' Chromie's magic allowed Song Ren and his companions to participate in this cruel war of the past.

Defeating the corrupted Captain Redpath to save his soul and Darrowshire.

Finally, as the last of Captain Joseph Redpath’s health bar was depleted, his agitated eyes cleared, and sounds of excited joy filled the air.

'The Scourge has been defeated! Darrowshire is saved!'

Innumerable people began to cheer.

Everyone cast their weapons aside.

Amidst the cheers of the people of Darrowshire, their figures grew increasingly blurry, eventually fading away. These were all their lingering obsessions, all their unwillingness and attachments.

But as the Darrowshire they had tirelessly defended was finally safe, they found release in that moment.

Paladin Davi and Joseph Redpath's souls stood in the village, smiling at Song Ren and his friends.

Davi offered Song Ren and his companions the highest Paladin salute: “The war is over, and the people of Darrowshire are saved, all thanks to you, dear Dwarf, Elf, and Gnome friends. You are all heroes of Darrowshire!”

Joseph Redpath also expressed his gratitude: “My eyes were clouded by darkness, but you saved me from evil black magic. Thank you.”

Finally… the battle was over, the images of the past dissipated, and the tormented souls of Darrowshire could finally find peace.

“Let’s go, let’s go see little Pamela!”

Having completed the quest, Song Ren let out a long breath. Zhang Yi and the others next to him nodded with emotion.

Returning to Pamela, the little girl happily ran out at the sight of Song Ren and his group.

'The battle is over! I heard Papa talking to me.'

'He scared all the Undead away by himself! And he said he’s on his way home, I’m so happy! He also said that if you came to our house, I should give you a good welcome.'

'So I’ve already brewed tea! I hope you like tea with lots and lots of sugar.'

Listening to Pamela’s innocent and adorable words, Song Ren and his friends sighed deeply. This was probably one of the most moving quests they had ever done in a game.

Pamela continued with a smile.

'Papa asked me to give you this key. He said you can use it to open a box behind the house.'

'He also wants me to thank you. Did you help him? Did you tell him that you helped me find my doll?'

'Well, here’s the key… Thank you, you are all kind sirs!'

This key was the reward for completing the quest, capable of opening the treasure chest behind the house. Upon opening it, they found several blue-tier pieces of equipment with good stats.

However, Song Ren and his friends weren’t focused on the equipment.

Because at the entrance of the house, the redeemed Joseph Redpath had returned.

Seeing Joseph Redpath’s figure, Pamela excitedly ran over.

'Papa?'

'Papa, you’re back? Papa, you’re back!'

'Let’s go play! No, tell me a story, Papa!'

'No, let’s go pick flowers! And drink tea! I found my toy doll, did I tell you?'

'I really missed you, Papa!'

Looking at Pamela rushing towards him, Joseph, with a smile, gently embraced his daughter. The two waved at Song Ren and his group, then turned and walked out of the house.

'Papa, where are we going?'

'Dear, shall we go home?'

'But isn't this our home?'

'No, our home isn’t here anymore. Our new home is filled with golden sunlight everywhere, and Mama is waiting for us there too.'

'Mama is waiting for us too? Then, Papa, let’s hurry!'

'We’re going home!'

In the twilight, Joseph held Pamela's hand, walking forward and eventually disappearing into the sunset.

………………

Watching the figures, one large and one small, disappear, Song Ren sniffled.

He felt a sting in his eyes and nose.

Beside him, the more emotional Joey, had a catch in his voice.

“Damn it, Chen Xu, you haven't changed! Why make a quest in an MMORPG so melodramatic!” Zhang Yi cursed, but his voice also choked up a little.

In his previous life, this quest in *World of Warcraft*, known as the Battle for Darrowshire, had moved many players as well.

And that was still when the technology wasn't capable of perfectly rendering visual effects.

Now, under VR, the performance directly brought many players to tears.

And also a bit of heartache.

Who would have thought that an MMORPG could also hit them so hard?

It seems Mr. Chen truly hasn't forgotten his original intention!

“Come on, let’s level up two more times, then go help Old Man Fordring retrieve that painting.”

Looking at his teammates, Song Ren changed the subject.

Hearing Song Ren’s words, the four companions just nodded heavily.

Pamela and Redpath were already dead; all that remained were their souls.

But Old Man Fordring and his son, whom they had encountered in the Plaguelands earlier, were still alive!

Their sole thought now, after the emotional fluctuations from Pamela’s quest, was to let Old Man Fordring and his son live happily.

This was also the thought shared by many other players.

For most players, the Plaguelands was definitely a detestable place.

There was simply no reason to like it.

A barren wasteland, dilapidated towns, and disgusting monsters everywhere.

And the monsters here often appeared in groups, so one careless mistake and you’d be running back to your corpse.

But the Plaguelands was also a place that left a deep impression on countless players.

The story of the little girl Pamela and Darrowshire touched innumerable players.

At the same time, both the Western Plaguelands and Eastern Plaguelands evoked countless memories for veteran *Warcraft* players.

South of Mistyblight Summit, there was a place blessed by the Holy Light.

That was the tomb of Uther the Lightbringer, leader of the Knights of the Silver Hand.

Besides that, the renowned Stratholme in the Eastern Plaguelands also left many *Warcraft* players deeply moved.

It was in Stratholme that Arthas, then still a Paladin, clashed in ideology with Uther the Lightbringer and Jaina.

Ultimately, the lonely Prince, to prevent the plague from spreading, raised his blade and killed the citizens he had once sworn to protect.

Afterward, the rage for revenge gradually made Arthas paranoid, which was the main catalyst for him to venture to Northrend, seeking Frostmourne to gain power and kill the Dreadlord.

It can be said that many scenes in the Plaguelands were closely related to the stories in *Warcraft*.

Yet, these stories were also incredibly sorrowful histories.

This was also reflected in the quests of the Plaguelands.

Breaking hearts, it only takes one time and then countless more.

Slowly engaging with the various quests in *World of Warcraft* made players gradually feel the 'malice' emanating from a certain individual.

Initially, the quests didn't have such a strong impact; they were meant to ease you in.

Now that you've fallen into the huge pit of *Warcraft* and are almost max level, it's about time your souls received another baptism of love.

As future versions are updated, the number of moving quests will certainly not decrease; it will only grow.

Bradenbrad, who died alone in the Argent Crusade's prerequisite quests, Dardanaga, who could only be honored with Bloodpetal Sprouts after feeding them before the Cataclysm…

Never forgetting the original intention – that is Nebula Games’ excellent motto.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>