Chapter 52: The Desperate Basement

While playing the game, Sun Yifeng and Huang Donglai bickered with each other.

Although it sounded like arguing, it was actually just their normal everyday interaction.

The regular viewers in the live stream room basically all understood this.

Undeniably, such an atmosphere made Sun Yixie feel a little better mentally.

However, as Sun Yixie soon arrived in the dark and cramped basement, his originally relaxed heart tensed up once more.

Previously, there hadn't been many dark scenes.

But this basement now was completely different.

It was pitch black, with only occasional blurry patches of light, meaning visibility was practically zero.

To see clearly, he had to use his handheld camera's night vision mode to navigate.

Although Sun Yixie had been mentally prepared, knowing that some later scenes in the game would definitely require its use.

But when the moment truly arrived, he still felt a bit panicked.

"What the hell is this!"

"Turn on two air pumps and the main switch, restart the generator! What is this!"

As Sun Yixie looked at the newly refreshed mission, a feeling called despair began to grow within him.

The pitch-black basement was already oppressive enough, but now he had to search for air pumps and turn on the generator's main switch in this intricate, utterly dark place?

Is that even humanly possible?

Why did I have to brag? Why did I have to play this horror game?

At that instant, Sun Yixie felt a pang of regret.

But words spoken are like water poured out; now, asking him not to play was impossible.

After all, if he hadn't said anything, it would be fine, but once he'd committed, he wouldn't go back on his word unless he genuinely couldn't win.

"Damn it, damn it, there's nothing to be afraid of!"

Sun Yixie bolstered his courage and slowly groped his way through the basement.

Relying on instinct, he first headed left. He hadn't walked far before opening a door and seeing an air pump in the room.

In the dim room, besides the air pump switch, there was also a row of cabinets.

"My luck's pretty good!"

Seeing the air pump in front of him, Sun Yixie's heart rejoiced.

That's one-third of the objective completed already!

Likewise, the bullet comments were flooding in.

'What kind of luck is this, Brother Sun?'
'Found one already? I still wanted to enjoy watching Brother Sun struggle to breathe.'
'Seriously, isn't this normal? There were arrow hints on the walls before, Brother Sun just didn't notice them.'
'See the cabinet next to it? I have a feeling that fat uncle from before might come in later?'
'Probably not, right? How would a fat uncle that big squeeze in?'

Following the discussion in the bullet comments, Sun Yixie also noticed the cabinet nearby.

"So, when I turn on this air pump, a monster might appear, and this cabinet is for me to hide in?"

He looked at the air pump switch in front of him, and the cabinet next to it.

After some thought, Sun Yixie still pulled the switch; after all, if he didn't turn on the air pump, the game couldn't progress.

Accompanied by a muffled creak from the switch.

Sun Yixie quickly hid inside the nearby cabinet.

About ten-odd seconds later, a series of banging sounds on the door came through his headphones.

'Thump!' 'Thump!' 'Thump!'

It was hit many times in a row, then, accompanied by the cracking sound of wood breaking, muffled footsteps sounded, getting closer and closer to the room.

Sun Yixie, hiding inside the cabinet, didn't turn off the camera in his hand. He leaned back against the chair and tightened the hood of his down jacket.

Then, on the screen, a psychopath walked in, holding a wooden board that resembled a spiked club.

Under the camera's night vision mode, the figure appeared exceptionally hideous and terrifying.

The figure paced back and forth in the room. Judging by his body, his movements were an irregular, twitching pattern, giving off a very eerie feeling.

In night vision mode, his wrinkled skin appeared a distorted, ghastly white, and his pair of eyeballs, like two small light bulbs, looked utterly creepy.

"Damn it, that was a stroke of genius. Good thing I hid in the cabinet beforehand." Sun Yixie breathed a sigh of relief and praised himself.

But the next moment, his heart suddenly clenched, because the monster in front of him actually started checking the cabinets.

The sound of him pulling open the nearby cabinet came through his headphones, instantly scaring Sun Yixie so much he didn't dare breathe loudly.

Fortunately, the psychopath monster only checked two cabinets, then mumbled something and left.

"Damn it, the situation is getting more and more dangerous." Sun Yixie swallowed, clearly aware that his situation was dire. Not only did he have to search for switches in this dark environment, but he also had to guard against a BOSS that could appear at any moment.

After waiting for about ten seconds and confirming that the figure wouldn't return, Sun Yixie finally emerged from the cabinet.

In the dark environment, Sun Yixie noticed that right next to where he had turned on this air pump, there was a door with an arrow on it.

He opened it and looked inside, and sure enough, there was another air pump.

The only difference was that this room had no cabinet for him to hide in.

"Damn it, what do I do now!"

Looking at the scene before him, Sun Yixie felt a little flustered, glancing at the bullet comments.

However, as a newly released horror game, there were clearly no wise individuals among the bullet comments in the live stream room; they only offered seemingly unreliable methods. Of course, it was also possible they knew but chose not to say.

Just then, his good friend Huang Donglai, sitting next to him, offered advice.

"Oh, Brother Sun, isn't this simple?"

"Having cabinets means there's a monster, but not having cabinets means there's no monster, right?"

"And when you go in and turn on the air pump, why don't you just close the door first? Doesn't the monster bang on the door? Then you'll have some advance warning, won't you?" Huang Donglai, who was wearing headphones and listening to cheerful music, offered this suggestion.

As for why he was wearing headphones, it was mainly because he was a little scared too.

Of course, by not hearing the in-game music and watching Sun Yixie play not on the main screen, but on the secondary monitor displaying bullet comments, his sense of fear was greatly reduced.

"Brother Huang, now that you put it that way, it seems to make some sense." Sun Yixie pondered it for a moment, feeling there might be some truth to what he said.

Yet he always felt something was off, though he couldn't quite put his finger on what exactly was wrong.

However, in this critical situation, Sun Yixie didn't overthink it and decided to proceed with Huang Donglai's suggestion.

After all, it really did sound quite reasonable.

(End of chapter)