Chapter 412: Amazing Game Interactions (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

As a battle-hardened veteran player, Song Ren knew very well that the previous close-up shots served as the game's guidance screen.

Next, he would undoubtedly need to accept a quest from the old man sitting by the bonfire halfway up the mountain, then head to that abandoned temple for investigation.

There was almost nothing to say about that. However, Song Ren wasn't in a hurry. He first hopped around a bit, then opened the relevant interface to examine it.

First, the game's UI interface was very minimalistic, maximizing the game's visual content to fill the entire screen, allowing players to feel a stronger sense of immersion in the game.

Next were some simple game settings. Running and climbing both consumed the green stamina bar. If it was completely depleted, Link would stop in place, catch his breath for a moment, and then the stamina bar would slowly recover.

Similar to most games, as a qualified Firelinker and Azure Star, he was intimately familiar with the stamina bar. The only thing that made him a little nervous was, could this “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild” be a Souls series game?

Although the game's graphics were very cartoonish and dreamy.

One must remember that Chen Xu made this game!

The title 'Warrior of Love' wasn't just for show. It was earned through one compelling game after another. Especially on the new generation VR platform, the extremely user-unfriendly 'Call of Duty: Modern Warfare' and 'Red Dead Redemption 2' were released back-to-back, each one a heartbreak.

And the most crucial point was that Chen Xu didn't make every game heartbreaking. For example, “Animal Crossing: New Horizons” and “Super Mario Odyssey” were very joyful. When you thought it would be heartbreaking, it wasn't; when you thought it wouldn't be, it hit you hard.

It was simply impossible to guard against!

“This climbing system is amazing!” Song Ren exclaimed with some surprise.

Because he discovered that not only rocks could be climbed. Some trees could also be climbed, and around the trees, there were many apples to pick. Besides, on the ground, Song Ren also picked up a Twig.

Judging by its attributes, it was clearly an early-game weapon.

Later, arriving halfway up the mountain, a mysterious old man sat by the bonfire, waiting for Link to speak with him. Next to him, there was also a Torch and an Apple.

When picked up, it would trigger a dialogue. From it, he learned some game features, such as Torches could be lit, and food like Apples could also be cooked. Cooked food could restore more health.

Looking at the Torch and Apples on the ground, Song Ren unceremoniously took them both.

Through the conversation with the mysterious old man, he gleaned some details about the game's plot. The place where Link was currently located was called the Great Plateau. It was said to be the birthplace of the Hyrule Kingdom, and the dilapidated temple that the camera had zoomed in on earlier was once the temple where the Hyrule Kingdom held its sacrificial rituals.

However, after the Hyrule Kingdom was destroyed by the Calamity Ganon 100 years ago, this temple was abandoned.

“Fire can ignite these things? So, besides a Torch, can a Twig be lit?” After listening to the mysterious old man's introduction, Song Ren looked at the Twig he had.

Standing next to the bonfire, Song Ren switched to the Twig. But before he could even ponder it, the game's Twig model accidentally brushed the bonfire and instantly caught fire.

“It really lit up!”

Song Ren's eyes widened with surprise, like a curious child who had found a brand new toy. He then held the burning Twig towards an old crooked tree nearby, using the burning Twig to roast the apples on it.

With a puff of smoke, the apples on the tree were roasted black, becoming cooked apples, and fell from the tree.

“You can even play like this!” Song Ren couldn't help but exclaim. As if discovering a new toy, he brought the Twig closer to another apple, and after two or three seconds, another cooked apple fell.

Just then, the burning Twig in Link's hand suddenly turned to ash. A message appeared in the game, indicating that if a wooden weapon was lit by fire, its durability would continuously deplete. When durability ran out, the weapon would break.

Also, all weapons in the game had a durability setting. If their durability was depleted, they would simply disappear, unlike other games where a weapon at 0 durability could be repaired by a Blacksmith.

Seeing this setting, Song Ren was also surprised. Durability gone? Does that mean if he found a divine weapon, it would also have a limited number of uses?

Looking at the bonfire in front of him, Song Ren pulled out his Torch again. Waving it around and watching the lit Torch, he excitedly continued his research. As for visiting the temple as the mysterious old man suggested, he temporarily pushed that task aside.

Currently, Song Ren felt like Columbus discovering the New World; he was extremely excited. He also pointed the Torch at the grass and found that the grass wasn't just a texture. Under the heat of the flames, the grass instantly caught fire. With a breeze, the flames intensified and even spread. When near the fire source, Link would also be burned by the spreading flames.

Burned grass would also realistically turn into scorched earth. Small animals and insects on the grass could also interact. For example, the axe the old man used to chop wood, which Link unceremoniously accepted, could be used to cut down tall grass, revealing insects like grasshoppers that could be caught. However, unlike stationary items such as insects, mushrooms, and apples, these disappeared in the blink of an eye, clearly requiring great attention to catch.

A realistic interaction. That was Song Ren's current feeling. Despite the cartoonish art style of “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild,” it gave Song Ren a very wonderful feeling. Centered around the bonfire, Song Ren continuously used the axe to cut grass and catch grasshoppers, then used the Torch to light nearby bushes and set the mountain on fire, having a blast. He wasn't rushing to the temple, which seemed to be the quest trigger point, but instead wandered around nearby.

After getting the axe, Song Ren noticed a protruding stone platform in the center of the lake to the right of his mouse, with a sword on it. On the lake surface below his feet, there was a circular flower wreath, seemingly hinting at the player.

Subconsciously, Song Ren felt there might be something good there, and without thinking, he jumped in directly. The moment he entered the water, a small, leaf-like creature with a green face appeared on the lake surface.

“Yahaha! You found me!”

“Huh? I thought it was Hestu, you scared me.”

“You… you can see me? My name is Korok, a spirit of the forest! Oh, right! If you see Hestu, please give this to him!”

[Korok Seed: A small fruit given by a Korok. Something good will happen if you collect it. It smells a little funky…]

Wait! Isn't this poop?! Seeing the fruit in front of him, Song Ren was utterly speechless. Not only did it look like it, but combined with the final “smells a little funky” explanation, it was hard not to think that! However, Song Ren also understood that this item was probably one of the game's collectibles. As for what it could be exchanged for, it should be with that NPC, Hestu, but he didn't know what this fruit could be exchanged for yet.

Taking the poop-like fruit, Song Ren went to the island in the middle of the lake and pulled out the sword. What annoyed Song Ren was that it wasn't a high-grade weapon as he had imagined. It was just an ordinary, rusty sword, and according to the description, it would break after only a few uses. Fortunately, its attack power was much higher than the old man's axe.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>