## Chapter 220: Is This The Game We Were Playing? (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

After reading this official Weibo account post, the comment section below the video and the player community forum instantly erupted.

Innumerable players frantically reposted and left comments to express their inner excitement.

"Tell me, this isn't real! This must be a CG animation!"

"So this was really made in Minecraft?"

"Holy cow, that's absolutely amazing! If that's the case, does that mean other buildings can also be replicated in Minecraft?"

"I'm impressed! This is totally not the same game I'm playing!"

"I suddenly want to go online and try it out. Why wasn't this released before the demo?"

"Exactly! Suddenly I'm interested in this game again! I think if it had been released before the demo, I definitely wouldn't have built a dark room!"

"Hehe, nothing special. Give us a hundred years, and we can definitely build it too!"

"Please don't use the word 'us', because I don't think I can build it!"

"I can only use two words to describe it: Holy smokes!"

"Awesome, plain and simple! But this shouldn't have been made by just one person, right?"

"Definitely not just one person! If it were one person, imagine the workload. Didn't you see the fast-cut video later? It's clearly a collaborative effort!"

"The workload is too massive, requiring many people. But what about smaller projects?"

"Is this still the pixel game I know? It feels superior to some blockbuster games!"

"Exactly!"

Although Minecraft itself is a pixel game, this doesn't mean Minecraft is ugly. On the contrary, unlike his previous life, Chen Xu's developed version of Minecraft had absolutely no cut corners in terms of art aspect. There was no cost control; pixels were merely an art adjustment made for the game's gameplay. The in-game modeling, lighting and shadows, could all be said to be of top-tier quality. If you looked at a single block, it might be hard to perceive. But when used to create large buildings and building complexes, that feeling immediately came to life. This shocked countless online players after watching the video.

Originally, in everyone's impression, Minecraft should have been a simple block-building game, at most with added survival elements. For example, these points were experienced by everyone during the Early Access trial. There was nothing too surprising. Although some players had already built some relatively nice ordinary small houses during this Early Access trial, it didn't give players much sense of shock or anticipation. After all, the time was too short, and it was difficult to see the game's potential. But what was showcased in this video was completely different. What the heck is this! They actually recreated 