Chapter 454: This Ezio Is Way Too Improper! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Lying on the animus, Song Ren heard a sound like an electric current, and then his vision went black.

A series of data-like patterns appeared before Song Ren's eyes. He was no stranger to this; it was clearly the world of the animus.

Then, accompanied by a cutscene, Song Ren found himself in a lab-like setting. A young man in a white shirt sat up from the animus. Song Ren recognized him at a glance: this young man was Desmond, the protagonist from the first Assassin's Creed promotional video about the animus.

“My name is Desmond Miles, and I am a prisoner in this war...” Desmond's inner monologue then echoed in Song Ren's ears, giving him some insight into Desmond's background.

Desmond, before him, was born into an Assassin family, but he always believed that the so-called Assassins and Templar Knights were merely fabrications of his parents' generation. Unable to bear it any longer, he left his family and went to New York, living incognito as an ordinary bartender. However, when applying for a motorcycle license, he registered his real identity, which led to the Templar Knights discovering his Assassin heritage. He was kidnapped and forced to use the animus to relive the memories of his ancestors, searching for the Pieces of Eden.

Of course, Desmond learned all this from Altaïr, an Assassin he had previously inhabited. It turned out that the feud between the Templar Knights and the Assassin Order had spanned thousands of years, continuing to the present day. The Templar Knights' influence had now infiltrated every aspect of politics, economy, and culture. Likewise, the Assassin faction had constantly been resisting the Templar Knights.

Lying on the animus, Song Ren experienced the feeling of being born as a baby, followed by an escape sequence with Lucy's help.

It wasn't long, and Desmond was in an invincible state with no health bar.

Compared to the original version, Chen Xu had slightly enhanced this part of the story to make it more consistent with the plot. After all, while the main purpose was only to allow players to understand the general situation of the modern timeline and serve as a beginner's tutorial on how to attack, run, and so on, in the original plot, Desmond and Lucy's escape was too easy. It couldn't even be called an escape; they simply fought their way out with punches and kicks, and Desmond even showed off his Eagle Vision.

Therefore, for the modern timeline, Chen Xu made this escape sequence slightly more realistic.

After a few seconds of a black screen while hidden in the trunk, Song Ren arrived at the new base with Lucy and, under the arrangement of Lucy and others, lay down on the machine once more.

What he had to do now was to find the memories of his ancestors through the genes in his blood. He would use the Bleeding Effect to quickly learn Assassin techniques and locate the Pieces of Eden one step ahead of the Templar Knights.

“It's finally starting!” Song Ren looked at Desmond lying on the animus, his expression full of anticipation.

Although he had been controlling the character throughout the previous modern timeline story, it was clearly completely different from the game experience he had imagined.

Lying on the chair, as a needle-like object was inserted into his arm, the scene before Song Ren's eyes began to blur, then transformed into countless fragments of light and shadow.

Around him, data-like fragments continuously reorganized, and buildings were assembled one by one. At the same time, the camera slowly rose. Song Ren's perspective also shifted to a God's-eye view.

After the buildings appeared, countless data points formed humans. Then, with the generation of data, the entire world slowly began to operate.

“Screech!” An eagle's cry came from the sky. Then, only scattered data could be seen in the firmament, and pedestrians who had been standing still in the streets and alleys began to move and chat, just like a truly functioning world.

Renaissance Florence, with its various unique buildings, came into Song Ren's view. As more and more pedestrians appeared on the streets, a subtitle appeared in Song Ren's vision: “Florence: 1476 AD.”

Finally, Song Ren's camera focused on a young man giving a speech in Italian. “We stand united!” “Quiet, my friends, quiet!” “Thank you.” “Do you know why we are here tonight?” “It's honor! Vieri insulted my family's name, imposing his misfortune upon us, and if I...” Facing a group of tough men, the youth was mid-speech when someone quickly interrupted him.

“Stop talking nonsense! Idiot!” From the other end of the street, another young man, accompanied by a group of people, walked over with an angry expression.

“Good evening, Vieri! We were just talking about you!”

“I'm surprised to see you here; I thought the Pazzi family only hired others to do their dirty work.” The young man who had been speaking said, looking at the other with contempt.

“Every time you run into trouble, your family just calls the guards, cowards! Are you afraid to handle things yourselves?” Vieri retorted.

“Your sister seemed quite satisfied with the ‘handling’ I gave her earlier!” The young man speaking replied with a flippant smile.

This was Ezio from the promotional video. Is this an Assassin? Why does he seem like an old lecherous rogue!? Listening to Ezio's words, Song Ren was completely bewildered.

If there was one character he was most looking forward to in the game, it was Ezio. After all, he looked incredibly cool in the previous promotional video. But now, having just started the game, why did this Ezio seem like a hooligan, and a lecherous one at that! The contrast was simply too great. What happened to the emotionless white-robed Assassin, how did he turn into an old lecherous hoodlum?

As Vieri's thrown stone injured Ezio's forehead, the game proceeded to a typical tutorial level, teaching the player a more detailed combat mode.

Compared to the combat system of Assassin's Creed in his previous life, Chen Xu had made it richer in this aspect. For example, parrying, blocking, rolling, grappling, and the kill streak system later introduced in Brotherhood.

The combat elements in the game were very rich, including blocking, countering, and combos based on attack frequency. Song Ren found the execution animations after a counter-attack especially cool. However, what Song Ren liked most was grappling an enemy and then performing a crotch-shot with his knee.

It wasn't a very difficult battle. His only concern was that the game's difficulty was still unknown. After all, most Nebula Games titles without difficulty options tended to be quite challenging. Although there were exceptions, like the previously released Red Dead Redemption, this Assassin's Creed seemed to have significant action elements.

However, even if Song Ren was a little scared, he still had to play. The preceding scenes had no special meaning; they mainly served to establish Ezio's social and background relationships.

What surprised Song Ren was the upcoming parkour race with his brother Federico. Unlike The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild's free-form mountain climbing, Assassin's Creed's climbing leaned more towards Uncharted.

Walls and houses all had specially designed points of leverage for climbing. However, compared to Uncharted, the climbing in Assassin's Creed was much smoother, like parkour, without needing to stop at all, as long as the path forward was planned.

Running through the streets and alleys of Florence, climbing rafters, and finally reaching the top of the Cathedral, Ezio stood with his brother, overlooking Florence. At this moment, the background music “Ezio's Family” played in Song Ren's ears, and the Assassin's Creed Logo appeared in his vision, illuminated by the moonlight.

The beautiful melody in his ears, combined with Florence under the moonlight before his eyes, made Song Ren unconsciously immerse himself in it. Of course, this immersion was quickly broken by the subsequent conversation between Ezio and his brother.

Faced with his brother's question about going home, Ezio looked towards a house not far away. Instantly, his brother knew what was on his mind.

“Ezio! Let Cristina get some proper sleep!” “There'll be plenty of time for her to sleep later.” Song Ren: ???????

What kind of Assassin is this! Is this really the incredibly cool white-robed Assassin from the promotional trailer? This Ezio is way too improper!

Well, that's good. With him being so improper, Mr. Chen probably won't deliver any tragic plot twists. Although the theme of Templar Knights and Assassins seems heavy, it's just a theme.

Thinking of his brother just now, and Cristina whom he hadn't yet met, Song Ren in the game also smiled, feeling a relaxed and pleasant vibe much like Uncharted.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>