Chapter 178: There Can Be Only One Truth! (5th update, requesting subscriptions and monthly passes)

Looking at the bonfire in front of the courtyard, Song Ren silently lit it, his heart filled with excitement.

The game had just begun and already provided a bonfire, which clearly implied that players were about to challenge a BOSS. Thinking back to Gundyr the Ash in the previous game, Song Ren also looked forward to the BOSS he would face shortly. Especially with the giant stone gate in front of this courtyard, for Dark Souls players, this was no longer a hint but almost an explicit statement.

When he first faced Gundyr the Ash, he was beaten black and blue, but now, being quite familiar with the game's rules, Song Ren felt he should be able to display great prowess.

"But why don't I have any Estus Flasks? Was I imprisoned in a cell and my Estus Flasks taken away?" Song Ren grumbled. He found that he didn't have any Estus Flasks on him. Although he woke up in a cell, his armor hadn't been confiscated, so why were his Estus Flasks gone? In the previous game, even after crawling out of a grave, he still had Estus Flasks!

However, after a couple of complaints, Song Ren didn't pay too much attention. After all, this could be a game setting, specifically designed to increase difficulty for players. Without Estus Flasks, the difficulty against the upcoming discouraging boss naturally increased.

"But it's not very friendly to new players; the fault tolerance is too low," Song Ren lamented as he pushed open the large gate of the courtyard before him. With a creak, the gate swung open. Song Ren controlled his character and walked into the room.

After pushing open the door, the room was empty. However, there seemed to be an in-game message on the floor by the doorway that could be checked. At the same time, Song Ren also noticed many bloodstains in various corners of the room. It was clear that the game had inherited the previous title's message system, where players left bloodstains after being killed by a BOSS.

But where was the BOSS in this room? Just as Song Ren was about to check the message on the ground, a dark shadow suddenly descended from above. With a rumble, a giant demon wielding a large hammer leaped down from the ceiling, landing right in front of him. Simultaneously, the combat UI display appeared in the center of the screen, along with the BOSS's name: Asylum Demon.

"Isn't this the elite monster from the tower top in Farron Cesspit?"

Looking at the Stray Demon before him, Song Ren in front of his computer was surprised. The BOSS in front of him looked quite similar to the Stray Demon encountered in Farron Keep in Dark Souls before, though it seemed a bit smaller in size. However, the sense of oppression was by no means less. This was mainly due to the indoor combat environment, where the Stray Demon immediately filled most of the screen, looking very intimidating.

Nevertheless, the moment he saw this monster, Song Ren actually felt relieved. Because it didn't seem to be a completely new monster, but an old acquaintance. He had fought the Stray Demon before on the tower top of Farron Cesspit. Although he had indeed died twice on his first encounter, he had also defeated it!

Even though he didn't have a shield, no Estus Flasks, and even only a broken straight sword, what did it matter? As an excellent Firelinker, what great challenges hadn't he seen? A mere demon, could it truly stop him from continuing the great task of Linking the Fire?

A nimble roll dodged the BOSS's great hammer attack, and Song Ren moved behind the BOSS. He swung the broken straight sword at the BOSS's body. But... seeing a "-6" pop up over the demon, Song Ren was utterly dumbfounded. This meant he had only dealt 6 points of damage. And the BOSS's health bar, perhaps, maybe, might have dropped just a tiny bit?

Looking at the long health bar below the BOSS name 'Asylum Demon', Song Ren tried to spot the depleted portion. But disappointingly, the health bar seemed unchanged.

"Is my attack method wrong?"

Two rolls to create distance, regaining some stamina, Song Ren went up again and poked twice. This time the damage exploded, changing from a single digit to a double digit. Looking at the "-11" popping up on the BOSS's health bar, Song Ren finally confirmed a fact: the broken straight sword in his hand was absolutely worthless.

Song Ren's composure instantly crumbled.

"Damn it, are you kidding me with this damage?! It's so damn low!"

When he played Dark Souls previously, Song Ren also started as a Deprived. While the Deprived's starting Small Club seemed humble, it was quite effective in combat. Moreover, its War Cry effect was excellent; in two-handed mode, a few hits with War Cry would cripple Gundyr the Ash. But now, he chose a Knight start, his armor was overweight, and his shield and sword were apparently stolen by someone, leaving him with only a broken straight sword.

If the broken straight sword's attack power was decent, he wouldn't complain. But this thing barely made a dent in the demon. If not for the damage numbers popping up, Song Ren would have thought his attacks weren't even breaking its defense. But the problem was, with single-digit and low double-digit damage, how long would it take to "trim its nails"? Song Ren was speechless, and the demon in front of him had already raised its great hammer high, slamming it down fiercely!

Distracted, Song Ren wasn't paying attention and was hit squarely, his health bar instantly dropping by half.

"Now I have to add one more thing: there are no damn Estus Flasks!"

If he had to "trim its nails," at least give him a nail clipper, right? How was he supposed to "trim its nails" with a napkin?

Perhaps attacking for a while, or depleting some of its health, would trigger a cinematic kill or something. Maybe he wasn't meant to kill it himself? It was entirely possible! But in the cramped space, without Estus Flasks to heal, Song Ren made a mistake and was taken down by a single hammer blow before he could deal much damage.

【YOU DIED!】

Song Ren in front of his computer was silent for a moment. Unfamiliar surroundings, a brand-new game, yet those three Chinese characters were still so familiar!

As the screen faded to black, Song Ren respawned by the bonfire. But this time, he didn't immediately go in; instead, he began to think.

"Did I open it the wrong way? No Estus Flasks is one thing, but the broken straight sword's damage is so low, did I miss picking up my previous items?" Song Ren stood by the bonfire, still replaying the recent events.

"Does that mean, to beat this BOSS, I must not drink healing and have to slowly wear it down with a broken straight sword?"

"Impossible!" Song Ren frowned. If that were the case, the difficulty would be far too high compared to the previous Dark Souls. With the broken straight sword's attack damage, how long would it take to keep attacking? It would probably only be possible for masters like those he'd seen previously, who used axes to "trim Yhorm the Giant's nails" or "clipped the Ancient Wyvern's claws".

Moreover, there were no Estus Flasks. This difficulty was comparable to a level 1 challenge against the Nameless King. But it's known that those capable of a level 1 challenge against the Nameless King are all master-level players. For ordinary players, who could possibly do that?

Clearly, this was just a gatekeeper boss; there was no need to create such immense difficulty for newcomers.

Furthermore, Song Ren was very clear about one thing: Chen Xu's games generally wouldn't make things so difficult for players. Well... except for that "The one with the big hammer" game that almost made his blood vessels burst before. And Dark Souls has never been known for its unreasonable difficulty, but rather for its difficulty being well-justified.

After running through the map again, confirming he hadn't missed any items, Song Ren looked at the BOSS room before him and let out a soft snort.

"Therefore, there can be only one truth!"

(End of this chapter)
