Chapter 335: Keep Blustering (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Players were discussing the performance and story-related content of Call of Duty: Modern Warfare online.

The gaming industry had also been paying attention.

After all, this was the first New Era VR game. Whether they were designers and developers qualified to create New Era VR games, or simply designers watching the excitement, everyone wanted to know what the final product of Call of Duty: Modern Warfare would look like.

Regarding Nebula Games' previous promotional content for Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, many designers believed that Nebula Games would focus the VR console's capabilities on specific levels, with other content requiring players to wait through loading screens.

Alternatively, they might have compromised in the end, sacrificing visual quality to eliminate loading screens.

After all, the capabilities of the New Era VR were set. While it was certain that Call of Duty: Modern Warfare hadn't fully squeezed out all of Huanyu VR's potential, as this was only the first New Era VR game, maintaining the visual fidelity seen in the promotions would inevitably require resource loading.

Before this, many game designers had been discussing the trade-offs Chen Xu would make: whether better visuals would yield better results, or a more perfect experience. These designers even split into two factions.

But now, it was as if a slap in the face had landed on them.

What were they thinking?

Brothers!

I want both visuals and experience!

As for the solution? Throw money at it!

There wasn't no loading in the game, it just couldn't withstand Chen Xu's willingness to spend money!

In Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, the maps weren't continuous. For example, after the cargo ship level came Blackout. It was clearly not a seamless map.

Normally, in between these segments, players would need to wait through a loading screen. But how did Nebula Games handle it?

The answer was simple: they played CG animations. From the moment players jumped onto the helicopter, Captain Price rescued them, and the narrator introduced the game's worldview and some simple story elements, players were seamlessly transitioned from the story to the game experience.

This even better enhanced players' sense of identification and familiarity with the in-game characters. Although players would realize, with a little thought, that the CG was actually masking a loading screen, would they care? Unless they were replaying the game for a second or third time, new players wouldn't mind at all.

This was also related to Call of Duty: Modern Warfare's game pacing. In terms of story rhythm, every level in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare was incredibly tense and exciting, strictly adhering to a 