Chapter 116 Like Dispelling the Mists to See the Clear Sky

“Are we playing this game a bit wrong?”

Wang Han looked at Zhang Yi beside her, her face full of bewilderment.

This game... something's not right!

“I don't know either!” After a long silence, Zhang Yi finally managed to squeeze out a sentence. How would *he* know if she asked him?

Although it was quite satisfying to watch Wang Han being brutally killed by Gundyr the Ash, the key was that he felt he wouldn't fare much better himself, especially considering his previous encounter with the Crystal Lizard. This Gundyr the Ash felt like he was on a similar level!

“And what's the use of this burial gift? It just turned into a stone block and then vanished?” Wang Han was also a bit speechless.

Having given up her seat, she watched Zhang Yi use the twig from the birth selection, and the transformation was completely different from what she had imagined.

In her fantasy, this should have been a transformation talisman. And according to the tags in the game store, *Dark Souls* was a dark fantasy story. So, surely there should be races like elves, dwarves, dragons, and goblins?

The twig must be related to elves. After using it, according to her idea, she would become an Ancient Elf, with all her stats and skills maxed out.

But reality? It just turned into a stone block, and it reverted back as soon as it was attacked. Wasn't the gap between ideal and reality a bit too wide?

Resurrected again in front of the bonfire, this time it was Zhang Yi's turn to control the ‘123’ in the game.

However, Zhang Yi, who was now in control, discovered a very serious problem. “Why are all the mobs on the road alive again!”

Zhang Yi was completely stunned seeing the Hollows resurrected on the path ahead. He originally thought this 'bonfire' thing was just a save point. Dying and returning was like loading a save, but now it clearly wasn't that simple.

Resting at the bonfire revived the mobs along the way in the game. Even though he hadn't played further, at that instant, Zhang Yi could already feel the “water temperature” was starting to get hot.

The path from the first bonfire to Gundyr the Ash's BOSS room wasn't far and was quite simple. But the key was, this was just the beginning of the game!

If the game continued with this setting, and he died on the way without lighting a bonfire, wouldn't he have to run through it all again? Unintentionally, Zhang Yi uncovered a truth about the game.

However, despite his surprise, Zhang Yi didn't delve deeper into it at this moment, simply believing it was just a game difficulty mechanism setting.

Currently, Zhang Yi's biggest challenge was still the BOSS named ‘Gundyr the Ash’.

When it was his turn to play, he didn't rush straight to the BOSS. Instead, he circled around the Cemetery of Ash, and only after confirming there was no second path did he realize one thing.

That Gundyr the Ash guy was the newbie village BOSS!

“Didn't the previous in-game messages teach parrying? I saw Mr. Chen's actual gameplay demonstration at the online press conference, didn't he parry this BOSS and deal a lot of damage in one go!” Wang Han offered advice from the side.

“But my shield... it doesn't seem to parry!” Looking at the broken Small Wooden Shield in his hand, Zhang Yi took his hand off the buttons and saw the shirtless ‘123’ in the game charging forward with a Small Wooden Shield.

As for bare-handed parrying, the system's in-game messages didn't provide any hints, so Zhang Yi was clearly completely unaware of it at this point.

Of course, it was more likely that knowing wouldn't make much difference either.

“I'll give it another try; this two-handing mode seems to allow weapon art to boost attack.” Looking at the Small Club and broken Small Wooden Shield in his hands, Zhang Yi decided to challenge it again.

Carefully eliminating the Hollows blocking his way, Zhang Yi soon arrived before the BOSS again.

The stone door was now shrouded in a thick white fog. After approaching and triggering it, the in-game character walked in. Simultaneously, Gundyr the Ash in the distance was no longer in its original statue form.

Instead, he was patrolling left and right with a Halberd. On the ground not far away, besides puddles of red bloodstains left by other players, there was also a green trace – these were the souls dropped after dying earlier.

“Come on, let's have a fair duel!” Switching to two-handing mode and unleashing a War Cry, Zhang Yi saw a weapon icon with a plus sign appear below the status bar in the upper left corner, clearly indicating an attack power increase.

Cancelling the two-handing mode, Zhang Yi bravely charged forward.

“General Gu has excellent Halberd skills!” “Let me drink some Fruit Pulp Orange Juice! A sneak attack, Mr. Gu, how unsporting!” “This broken Small Wooden Shield! One hit and my stamina bar is empty? What's there to be proud of with the advantage of weapons... Scoundrel! Drop your weapon, and let's fight bare-handed!”

The room was filled with shouts of powerless rage.

A minute later, the familiar screen appeared again, with those three words.

Zhang Yi's brow was deeply furrowed. “This game... is so hard!” Wang Han, looking at Gundyr the Ash, who had only lost about a quarter of its health, finally exclaimed.

Hearing this, Zhang Yi instinctively nodded in agreement.

“How is this Gundyr the Ash so strong? It's like Lu Bu reborn, who can beat this? Is Nebula Games playing tricks? Is the numerical design of the game wrong?” Zhang Yi said with lingering fear.

*Dark Souls*, he had to admit, had given him a massive show of authority. He had never experienced this type of game before; it was damn too hard!

“It shouldn't be, after all, large-scale games like this are definitely tested before launch, so this kind of situation shouldn't happen. Besides, wasn't there a demonstration at the previous press conference? It felt like parrying was a relatively important skill in this game; a successful parry followed by an execution could deal a lot of damage!” Wang Han stated her guess.

Zhang Yi, who had just gotten up from the stool and moved aside, suddenly had a flash of inspiration upon hearing this. It was as if a lightning bolt had appeared in his mind, dispelling the dark mist ahead.

“I get it! I understand! So that's how it is!” Zhang Yi's face was filled with excitement, as if he had just solved a difficult problem in high school.

“Do you remember what character was demonstrated at the press conference? A Knight! A Knight with a shield, sword, and armor! It's not just about the class, *Dark Souls* seems to have combined difficulty and class into its design!”

“Why can't the Deprived's Small Wooden Shield parry? This is to increase the difficulty for players, requiring them to fight Gundyr the Ash by relying on positioning and rolling, while the Knight has a set of equipment, which undoubtedly greatly reduces the difficulty!” Zhang Yi's face was beaming with excitement.

Wang Han listened and thought carefully, feeling that it actually made some sense. It seemed plausible!

“So, should we create a new save file?” Wang Han asked.

“Absolutely!” Zhang Yi was filled with excitement and pride, like dispelling the mists to see the clear sky.

It had to be said that as a game player, Zhang Yi was quite experienced.

However, as for his explanation... it was correct, but not entirely correct. The problem-solving approach was right, but as for the answer...

(End of Chapter)