Chapter 573: The Most Exhilarating Experience Saved for Tomorrow (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

‘I’ve been waiting for you, I knew you’d show up here.’

‘I guess you’ve found something useful already.’

Ethan in the game listened to the Duke’s words and took out the dirty yellow bottle he had retrieved earlier. Ethan shook his head: ‘I don’t know if it’s useful, it’s just…’

However, the Duke’s next words stunned Ethan.

‘Why? What you hold in your hand is precisely your precious daughter.’

Ethan in the game froze for a moment, not understanding what the Duke meant.

‘Please look closely.’

Hearing the Duke’s words, Ethan quickly wiped away the grime. A small note was affixed to it, reading: [Rosemary – Head]

As if he had seen a ghost, Ethan shivered all over, the strength drained from his body.

*Thud*, the bottle slipped from his hand and fell to the ground.

His legs involuntarily collapsed to the ground, and his voice began to tremble: ‘N-no… Wh-what…’

Song Ren in the game was also bewildered.

Rose was already dead? And dismembered?

Her head had been turned into a crystal, placed inside this bottle.

Could it be that Mr. Chen’s familiar tragic storyline was striking again?

However, this time Song Ren didn't curse like before.

The main reason was that the oppressive atmosphere didn't evoke much empathy. It was just a baby, and her only dialogue throughout was ‘wah, wah, wah’. The only interaction was when Ethan carried her upstairs at the beginning.

What truly moved him was Ethan in the game, who was on the verge of collapsing. This was the character he empathized with, after all, he was controlling the protagonist. Precisely because he knew how much Ethan loved his daughter, at this moment Song Ren felt more heartbroken for Ethan in the game. How desperate and broken must he be now?

As Song Ren had thought, Ethan in the game was now completely bewildered, utterly speechless, his emotions on the verge of spiraling out of control.

He knelt on the ground, looking at the bottle, reaching out to touch it, but not daring to.

‘Rose is…’ the Duke beside him tried to speak.

But before he could finish, Ethan cut him off the next second.

‘Don’t say anything!’

‘This… this is impossible… How can this be!’

Ethan was completely broken. He had fought for so long in this eerie village, and his only spiritual pillar was to save his daughter. But now she had already fallen victim to such a cruel fate?

This was a brutal fact Ethan absolutely couldn't endure.

Just as Ethan’s heart turned to ashes, the Duke spoke again.

His words reignited hope in both Ethan and the player.

‘Your precious daughter is not dead yet. Her power is very special.’

‘She can still be saved? Do you know how?’

‘Can be saved? She’s already like this? What nonsense are you talking about!?’ Ethan said, but his eyes uncontrollably looked up at the Duke, like a drowning man clutching at a final floating straw.

But whether this straw could bring him to shore or drag him deeper into the water, no one knew.

‘There’s a house with a red chimney on the west side of the village. Go find the man who lives there. We’ll talk about the rest once you find him.’ The Duke pointed the way.

At this moment, the anger of both Ethan and the player erupted.

“Damn it, you big-eyed, bushy-browed fatso, you’re playing Riddler too? Just spit it out! How much money have I spent on you back and forth? You tell me!” Song Ren was frantic.

Ethan in the game was likewise, angrily saying to the Duke: ‘Don’t be evasive, just say it directly!’

‘If you don’t believe me, that’s fine… But do you have any other choice?’ The Duke merely smiled as he spoke to Ethan.

‘Don’t mess with me… If I find out you’re lying, I’ll make you pay!’

Before this, Ethan had seemed to be generally mild-tempered. Even when subjected to various brutal treatments by Lady Dimitrescu in the castle, he mostly resorted to complaining curses or sarcastic remarks.

But now, for his daughter’s sake.

Ethan was utterly enraged.

Even if there was a negligible, even 0.01% chance, Ethan had to try and follow the guidance of this mysterious Duke.

Ethan now had only one thing on his mind: revive his daughter and then kill the culprit, Miranda.

After receiving the mission objective, the game returned to a controllable segment.

However, at this point, Song Ren, as the player, fell into a moment of silence, staring at the yellow bottle in his item inventory.

He wondered, could she really be revived?

Deep down, Song Ren naturally hoped Rose could be saved.

But if she were truly revived, it would seem to take another step in an unscientific direction.

*Resident Evil Village* – the ‘Resident Evil’ and ‘Village’ parts certainly fit.

But was this truly ‘Resident Evil’ and not ‘Fantasy’? Could science still be trusted? Or was the saying that the end of science is theology indeed true? After all, Newton…

The previous guy who controlled magnets was already quite fantastical, and Ethan reattaching his severed arm was one thing, and Lady Dimitrescu turning into a mutated dragon monster was nothing new, as Evelyn’s ultimate form in the previous game was terrifying. But now Rose was like this, could she really be resurrected!?. And by this logic, if Lady Dimitrescu had one part, the other three lords must have parts too, right?

So, she was divided into four parts, a four-way split of the daughter?

Despite the endless internal grumbling, Song Ren had to admit one thing: up until now, the experience of *Resident Evil Village* was absolutely maxed out; it was incredibly satisfying to play.

He could even mentally picture the upcoming plot.

An enraged Ethan embarks on a journey to revive his daughter, fully embodying the ‘Warrior’ in ‘Hand Sanitizer Warrior’.

Ethan now clearly possessed special abilities due to the events three years prior. His rapid healing ability must be a result of the Mold modifying his body.

Now, an enraged Ethan would undoubtedly unleash immense power, relying on his terrifying, hot-swappable self-healing right hand.

He might encounter further difficulties and obstacles on his quest to save his beloved daughter, but Ethan would definitely use his powerful firepower to slaughter every single BOSS.

Coupled with the thrilling Lady Dimitrescu BOSS battle that had just concluded, the mere thought of it made Song Ren feel his blood boil!

“The most exhilarating gaming experience, saved for tomorrow.”

“Greet the most exciting part with the best state of mind.”

Although he still wanted to keep playing, enjoying the mix of a tiny bit of fright and endless exhilaration, he was starting to feel a little sleepy. So Song Ren decided to save this most wonderful gaming experience for tomorrow.

As for the rest of the game, he was a million percent confident.

Mr. Chen was no longer the Mr. Chen of the past.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>