Chapter 646: Scarlet Monastery (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

“Entering this next dungeon feels like being a thief!”

“No choice, this is Horde territory.”

Song Ren still felt a lingering fear after arriving at Scarlet Monastery.

“But it's a good thing that Alliance squad just now covered for us, getting chased by three Horde teams.” Zhang Yi sighed with emotion.

“Yeah, it was brutal, but thankfully they helped us draw aggro.” Song Ren chuckled sneakily.

“Old Song, stop bickering, let's go in quickly.” Zhang Yi said to Song Ren.

“Alright, let's start with the Graveyard, perfect for farming some gear and leveling up.” Song Ren nodded.

Regarding the Scarlet Monastery dungeon's background, it's an academy where the Scarlet Crusade trains new recruits.

There are four areas in total, which correspond to four small dungeons.

And compared to previous Alliance or Horde dungeons like Deadmines or Shadowfang Keep, Scarlet Monastery has a significant increase in difficulty.

Scarlet Graveyard and Scarlet Library aren't too bad, but the later Cathedral and Armory are key.

The difficulty is much higher, and the level span is also very wide, ranging from level 30 to over 40. This is why Scarlet Monastery allows players to grind from level 30 all the way to 40.

Additionally, compared to other places, the Scarlet Crusade set dropped in Scarlet Monastery can be said to be the best set for Warriors at this stage. It offers a great advantage over other classes of the same period, and even before level 50, the attributes provided by a full set are not weaker than mixed plate armor pieces. It can be considered the best mail armor set for the level 40 stage.

Song Ren was also here for this.

While talking, Song Ren and the others entered the dungeon.

Unlike previous dungeons, the monsters in Scarlet Monastery are densely distributed.

And the monsters are quite distinctive. Warriors, Priests, and Mages — all professions are available.

Of course, compared to his previous life, Chen Xu's developed Warcraft had made many adjustments compared to the original version.

The entire Azeroth is vast, and narrowing it down to the Scarlet Monastery scene, the most direct feeling is that the overall structure of the dungeon is more complex.

At the same time, there's the dungeon's background; every dungeon in Warcraft has a unique story behind it. And Scarlet Monastery is no exception, but compared to other dungeons, the Scarlet dungeons are a bit thought-provoking, especially when one recalls the previous promotional video for Arthas.

The first dungeon area in Scarlet Monastery is called the Tomb of Glory, but in reality, it's the cruel Scarlet Graveyard. It can be said that, just like Arthas, the Scarlet Crusade, who claimed glory, were actually a group of fanatics who had been misled.

On their first run, Song Ren and his group fully exercised caution. Although they heard that the Scarlet Graveyard wasn't difficult, they played very steadily.

They lured the two Scarlet Sentinels at the entrance, then swiftly eliminated them.

Then, looking at the DPS panel, Song Ren smiled. One person in the team was slacking off, but he wouldn't say who.

“Say, maybe we should switch our talent build?” Zhang Yi looked at Wang Han and spoke.

“I don't think it's a talent build issue.” Wang Han scratched her head. Her Paladin, aside from pretty Holy spell effects, did seem to be slacking off a bit.

To say she was useless wasn't entirely true. But to say she was useful, switching to classes like Hunter or Mage would be much more efficient.

“How about I switch to a new character? Anyway, leveling up isn't slow in the early game, I can just grind a bit.” Wang Han suggested.

Paladins, compared to the initial version in his previous life, were actually much better after Chen Xu's modifications. Of course, compared to classes like Mages, they were indeed a bit pitiful. But they were better than Warriors, as they wouldn't die suddenly while leveling up or fighting monsters.

However, in dungeons, the Paladin's current role was completely incomparable to a Warrior's.

“No need, it's not that mystical.” Song Ren tried to reassure her.

“Every patch brings a new meta, Paladins can't be that weak. You know this is an online game, and it's pretty good! A jack-of-all-trades!” Song Ren coughed lightly and took the lead.

Red flowers still need green leaves to set them off. Change class? If she changed, wouldn't his Warrior's situation become very awkward?

As the first introductory dungeon of Scarlet Monastery, it wasn't too difficult with Song Ren and his companions' cautious playstyle.

The boss, Inquisitor Vishas, was an absolute pushover.

With over 5000 health, he was just a total waste. The only thing memorable was his line: “I'll dig out all your secrets!”

After defeating him, Song Ren, having lost the loot rights, still tried to make a last-ditch effort. After getting permission, he reached out and touched. A white fist weapon: Bloody Knuckle Dusters.

“Don't even say it, I understand! If I ever loot a corpse again, I'm a dog.” Song Ren looked dejected. Before this, he had read some online introductions, knowing that this boss would drop a blue weapon called the Branding Iron, but he obviously didn't loot it.

After clearing all the ghostly mobs, the final boss in Scarlet Graveyard was Bloodmage Thalnos.

Compared to the previous Inquisitor, this guy was slightly stronger. He had a lot of health, over seven thousand hit points. He also had an AOE skill, but the group wasn't new to dungeons, so they easily dispatched him.

When it was Zhang Yi's turn to loot, to Song Ren's dumbfounded expression, a blue off-hand item named 'Orb of the Forgotten Seer' was looted.

“Old Song, do you see? You're an unlucky streak who tried to sneak into Europe and got deported, while I'm a Lucky King lost in Africa.” After everyone passed on it, leaving it for the Mage Wang Yifan, Zhang Yi couldn't help but laugh loudly.

“Could it be… I really am an unlucky streak?” Song Ren involuntarily rubbed his head, at this moment feeling a tiny bit of self-doubt. Of course, what he didn't know was that compared to the previous Inquisitor's blue weapon's rare drop rate, this Bloodmage boss actually had a much higher drop rate for this blue off-hand than another green shoulder piece.

………………

All afternoon, Song Ren and his group were grinding dungeons in Scarlet Monastery.

And from the previous Scarlet Graveyard, Song Ren and the others also tried challenging the Scarlet Library.

The difficulty was slightly higher than the Scarlet Graveyard.

The first boss, Houndmaster Loksey, was different from the previous dim-witted Inquisitor. Although Houndmaster Loksey didn't have much health, he could summon minions, a pack of dogs he raised.

However, what caught Song Ren's attention wasn't how strong this boss was, but rather his particularly interesting dialogue. He would yell: “Close the gate, release the hounds!”

As for the drops, they weren't too good, a blue staff with average stats. There was also a whistle that could summon a tracking dog, which wasn't very useful, just a toy.

The only challenging part was the boss Arcanist Doan.

Unlike the previous noob who was clearly a Warlock but called himself a Bloodmage, Arcanist Doan was a true Mage.

Polymorph, Silence, Arcane Explosion – he had all the essential skills.

Of course, as a Mage boss, his drops were also quite excellent.

The two-handed Phantom Staff had superb stats.

However, there was also a highly controversial item: the Hypnotic Blade.

This piece of equipment was quite peculiar. From its appearance, it was clearly a dagger, which by all accounts should be a Rogue's weapon.

But the key was that it boosted Intellect and Spirit, and also increased spell damage. Coupled with the Orb of the Forgotten Seer dropped by the Bloodmage earlier, the spell damage bonus was quite significant.

Of course, if its appearance was a dagger but its attributes leaned towards spellcasters, that would be one thing. But on the other hand, this item's base damage wasn't low either, and for Rogues, this dagger's DPS was actually pretty decent.

This was really headache-inducing. So, was this thing for Mages or for Rogues!?!?

“Holy cow! This dagger is way too weird!”

“High DPS, but it adds Spirit and Intellect, as well as spell power and healing. How the heck do we split this?!”

“How to split? Roll for it!”

“Come on, it's time to prove who the Lucky King is!”

Voices came from the team chat.

Song Ren, however, was much calmer. Everyone else's happiness had nothing to do with him. How many dungeon runs had they done? Where was the Scarlet set? Not a single piece had dropped!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>