Chapter 272: Is Your Game Made of Gold? (Fifth update, requesting subscriptions and monthly passes)

Regarding the two crossovers between "Monster Hunter: World" and "Minecraft".

Basically, the gaming industry, whether players or designers, already had a conjecture.

That Nebula Games was definitely developing a new game.

The only question remaining was what type of game it would be.

As for the theme, there wasn't much to ponder.

From the Kingdom of Lordaeron, combined with the Frost Dragon and Chimera monsters, as well as the weapon appearances from the crossover transmog.

It was clearly going to be a fantasy-themed game.

As for the genre, it really only came down to a few possibilities.

First, FPS was ruled out, as it seemed unreliable no matter how one looked at it.

The remaining possibilities, both industry designers and players believed, were either RPG or action-adventure.

That is, either like "Dark Souls" or like "Monster Hunter: World".

After all, judging by the blockbusters currently released, Nebula Games was very proficient in both these areas.

Moreover, whether it was "Dark Souls" or "Monster Hunter: World", Nebula Games had demonstrated extraordinary strength in the action game and RPG fields.

The remaining concern for players was whether Chen Xu would pour his "love" into the game.

After all, Chen Xu's past performances were truly devastating.

And also incredibly agonizing.

Because with most games, if they pull these kinds of tricks, you can just not play them.

But Chen Xu's games were different.

They made you suffer, yet also brought immense pleasure.

This conflicting experience made players both fearful and loving.

They'd say "Get lost!", "Won't buy!", "Won't play!", but the hand reaching for their wallet somehow just couldn't stop!

During this time, Chen Xu also hadn't been idle.

The development plan was steadily progressing.

As for the CGI side, Chen Xu still sought out the company that previously produced the "Dark Souls" cutscene promotional animation.

The technology in this area had also been recognized by Chen Xu, and CGI, in essence, was all about burning money.

Domestically, as long as one was willing to spend, the results could even surpass those abroad.

And for "Warcraft", Chen Xu was naturally very generous.

After several rounds of negotiations, Nebula Games' investment in the CGI animation for "Warcraft" reached a nine-figure sum starting with '4'.

Of course, the settlement currency was definitely RMB.

Besides this, the model assets overseen by Ruan Ningxue had largely been produced by the outsourcing company.

It could be said to be extremely refined, and Chen Xu also added a rather unique setting.

That was the Close-up Setting; the in-game camera was default.

Of course, after the map editor was released later, players could adjust it according to their needs, and even adjust the camera in the built-in campaigns.

However, for the RTS versus mode, the camera was fixed, only able to zoom in but not out, primarily for fairness.

With the added close-up camera, players could click to switch to a close-up view of the in-game models.

As an RTS, it wasn't strictly necessary to make the models so exquisite, not like an RPG.

But Chen Xu still decided to strive for perfection, not to mention comparing it to traditional RPGs and some linear game-type games.

But at least in the RTS genre, Chen Xu dared to say that globally, within the current scope, absolutely no game could compete with "Warcraft" in terms of graphics and models.

Under these circumstances, it was naturally imperative to give players a better direct sensory experience.

Of course, unit types like the Human Sorceress and Elf Archer, whose attire was slightly daring and open, all had safety shorts underneath.

In addition, Chen Xu also made some modifications to the campaign storyline.

Because the original campaigns were quite difficult for clumsy players; many even used invincible cheat codes like 'whosyourdaddy' to brute-force their way through with basic attacks.

Of course, Chen Xu also kept these cheat codes, as they were a real need for some players.

When facing 'maddening AI opponents,' one always needed some cheat codes to save face.

Using 'whosyourdaddy' might be a bit excessive, but adding a little wood and gold to oneself with 'greedisgood 99999', arguably that shouldn't be too much, right?

..................

As days passed, and the topics raised by content in "Minecraft" and "Monster Hunter: World" gradually began to cool down.

Chen Xu and Nebula Games' official Weibo account finally had an update.

The content left countless players and industry designers utterly shocked and bewildered.

"Redefining RTS, production cost exceeding 700 million, new fantasy blockbuster 'Warcraft' is about to launch!"

A simple sentence, accompanied by several concept art pieces.

Tyrande Whisperwind riding a White Tiger, Arthas as a Paladin, Tauren Chieftain Cairne Bloodhoof carrying a Totem and a Runic Spear, and a Frost Dragon with spread wings.

As Chen Xu's official Weibo post went live, it instantly grabbed the attention of many.

After all, the previous content in "Monster Hunter: World" and "Minecraft" had garnered significant attention and concern from many players.

Many were also speculating whether Chen Xu had a new game, and if so, what it would be.

But the content revealed in this message at this very moment instantly left countless players bewildered.

Redefining, RTS, production cost exceeding 700 million?

What!?

The combination of these keywords immediately caused its popularity to explode.

"Holy crap! Mr. Chen released another new game?!"

"It's an RTS, I didn't misread, right?!"

"This concept art is something else! This elf girl riding a White Tiger is so beautiful, lick, lick!"

"Redefining RTS? 700 million cost? Bullshit!"

"I didn't misread, did I? An RTS, and the cost exceeds 700 million?"

With Chen Xu's official Weibo post, the entire gaming industry instantly erupted in excitement, both players and designers alike.

Chen Xu's new game itself became a less critical point.

The truly crucial points were those keywords that followed.

Redefining RTS, Chen Xu actually dared to say that!?

One should know that while RTS wasn't niche, and was relatively simple, it was absolutely not easy to make.

The players' reaction wasn't as extreme, mainly because of the reputation Nebula Games and Chen Xu had built, which made players quite trusting.

Although Chen Xu always gave them "surprises," there was no shortage of joy either.

Furthermore, players didn't really care about the cost; what they cared about was whether the game was fun to play.

But for now, it was clear that players had grown accustomed to this being Chen Xu's "making grand promises" phase.

For players, they were mostly discussing why Chen Xu would make an RTS game, as they had assumed it would be an RPG or action type.

But for the gaming industry, it felt a bit absurd.

It wasn't Chen Xu making an RTS game that was the issue, but the cost publicized.

Generally, in game development, costs were sometimes indeed disclosed for promotional purposes, and of course, some were true and some were false.

But the cost of Nebula Games' "Warcraft," wasn't that a bit excessive?

An RTS game, and you're publicly advertising a development cost of 700 million? If you said project cost, that would be fine, as subsequent promotions and such would be included.

But solely for development, you spent over 700 million?

Is your game made of gold?

However, some astute designers noticed the deeper implications of Chen Xu's RTS game.

(End of Chapter)