Chapter 462: Familiar Knife, Familiar Love (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Chapter 462: Familiar Knife, Familiar Love (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

“The progression in this 'Assassin's Creed' is so much longer compared to the previous 'Uncharted'!”

Inside the game, Song Ren stood in front of a group of affectionate young couples, took out 10 Yuan from his pocket, and scattered it. Watching the two young couples immediately shove each other to crouch down and pick up the money, he couldn't help but sigh with emotion.

He had intensely played through the previous 'Uncharted' in three days, clearing it without bothering with any collectibles.

But this 'Assassin's Creed' in front of him, he played for a whole day yesterday and only got through the beginning. Many things shown in the previous promotional trailer hadn't even appeared yet.

Even the Templar Knight leader, the fat Rodrigo, he had only seen from afar.

Mainly, it was also because there were simply too many interesting things in the game.

Even though Chen Xu didn't make 'Assassin's Creed' into an open-world game.

And he also screened out a large number of side quests that didn't have much meaning.

For example, Ezio, the ladies' man, helping married women teach their husbands a lesson.

But even so, there was still a huge amount of content and details in the game for players to experience.

Like the large manor provided by Uncle Mario, which could be built up using money.

Of course, for Song Ren, his favorite thing to do was scatter money.

The purpose of this feature in the game was to create chaos and attract guards, allowing Ezio to perform assassinations more effectively.

However, what Song Ren enjoyed doing more was scattering money in front of a couple, then watching them fight over one or two Yuan, and finally stealing his money back. The feeling was indescribably satisfying.

In addition, Song Ren also noticed that while the game had characters similar to those in reality, there were quite a few changes. For example, Leonardo da Vinci's flying machine; in reality, Leonardo da Vinci had attempted to build one but failed.

After all, no one in reality has Eagle Vision, and a Leap of Faith would only result in a pile of minced meat.

In the game, Ezio used the flying machine to go to the Doge's Palace. Here, Song Ren also experienced the joy of flying through the sky and soaring over the Venetian canals.

However, Ezio was still a step too late when he arrived. The Templar Knights successfully killed the Doge of Venice, installed their own person, and framed Ezio, making him a wanted man.

After that, it was the usual assassination drama, but these weren't what Song Ren was most focused on.

What he was focused on was that during the Venetian Carnival, Ezio saw that woman again: his first love, Cristina.

Many years later, though Ezio acted like an old lecher, in his heart he still yearned for Cristina. The outwardly dashing and suave Ezio wasn't a scumbag; he merely divided his love into several portions.

In the alley, Cristina initially thought the masked Ezio was her husband.

But after their embrace and kiss, she immediately recognized Ezio.

She then screamed, both because she was married and because she hadn't seen Ezio in many years.

Looking at the man before her, Cristina told Ezio that she had actually wanted to marry him back then, but it was too late now. Then, she angrily told Ezio not to return. Ezio could only helplessly leave to continue his assassination activities.

“Sigh, this is a case of love turning into hate. Back then, Cristina's heart was set on Ezio. The first time Ezio asked her to leave with him, she refused. But for years, she had regretted it, so the second time she saw Ezio, Cristina thought if Ezio spoke up, she would go with him. What a pity... sigh.”

Watching Ezio helplessly leave in the game, Song Ren couldn't help but let out a deep sigh.

So what if he had no dating experience?

Usually, those who become masters of love theory and emotions are people like him, who have no experience.

Haven't you heard the saying, 'The person involved is confused, while onlookers see clearly'?

Only someone like him, who has always been an outsider and never involved, could see all of this clearly.

With a mix of lament and emotion, Ezio crushed the Templar Knights' plan for Venice, disguised himself as a Templar Knight to clear out their strongholds in Venice, and repelled Rodrigo.

Ezio and his companions discovered that this series of struggles for the Doge's position was merely a diversion, intended to distract the Assassins. Their real goal was to obtain an 'Apple'.

At the same time, Ezio also officially joined the Assassin organization.

'Yes, nephew, we are all Assassins. For years, we have been guiding you, teaching you the skills an Assassin needs. Now is the time...'

“This scheme is too deep! This is a damn pyramid scheme organization!”

“I died from falling and desynchronized so many times in the crypts, and you're telling me all of that was guidance?”

Song Ren, like Ezio in the game, had a bewildered expression.

However, the only thing that made Song Ren feel a little better was that his good buddy Leonardo da Vinci didn't seem to be an Assassin, even though his relationship with them was quite close.

Next, atop a tall tower, everyone held an initiation ceremony for Ezio.

'These are the words of our ancestors, things deeply hidden within our beliefs.'

'[When other people blindly pursue truth, remember... Nothing is true; when other people are bound by morality or law, remember... Everything is permitted; we work in the dark to serve the light, we are Assassins]'

After Ezio successfully joined the Assassin organization, looking at the Apple of Eden taken from the Templar Knights, they prepared to go to Forlì to find Caterina and deposit it in her castle.

Here, the city of Forlì was under attack. Everyone helped Caterina defeat the enemies, but Caterina's two children were kidnapped.

So Ezio decided to go alone to rescue Caterina's children, but this was a diversionary tactic, a scheme to steal the Apple of Eden.

Ezio gave chase but, in his carelessness, was nearly stabbed through the kidney and fell to the ground severely wounded, and the Apple of Eden was also stolen.

Fortunately, Caterina's people arrived in time and took Ezio back to Forlì to recover.

After recovering from his injuries, Ezio began searching for the Apple of Eden's whereabouts and learned that the person who had stolen it had appeared in Florence.

At this time, Florence was controlled by Savonarola, who preached a theocratic republic and burned everything related to the Renaissance.

Here, Ezio witnessed the terrible suffering of the people of Florence and decided to overthrow Savonarola and liberate Florence.

It was in this midst that Ezio encountered the dying Manfredo, Cristina's husband. The dying man pleaded with Ezio to go and rescue Cristina, but when Ezio arrived, he was still a step too late.

'Cristina... hold on! I'll go find a doctor for you... you'll be fine.'

'No... Ezio, my time is running out.'

'Cristina... wake up... don't leave me.'

'Ezio... don't you know? My heart never left you... I wish we... had a second chance.'

Song Ren in the game, watching Cristina in Ezio's arms, couldn't say a word for a long time.

Familiar knife, familiar love.

Chen Xu's shadow seemed to appear in Song Ren's mind. At this moment, the other party shouted “Bring the knife!”, once again transforming into a 'Warrior of Love' to bring him endless “love.”

He should have guessed it earlier. He was truly foolish.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>