Chapter 315: Various Famous Scenes (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Chapter 315: Various Famous Scenes (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Although it was a so-called Early Access test, this wave was essentially an official launch.

Countless players flocked into Rainbow Six Siege.

Of course, many players also performed various shenanigans in the game.

Among the most common phenomena was the act of protecting my enemies and attacking my teammates.

Grenading teammates could only be described as a routine operation.

For example, the Montagne in the game, when deployed, was almost invincible from the front.

However, players using Montagne often employed a unique skill of swaying left and right.

It seemed if they didn't wiggle a couple of times, they'd feel uncomfortable all over.

With such a wiggle, their teammates behind them were directly exposed to enemy gunfire, left to be slaughtered.

The lone Montagne could only back himself into a corner, cosplaying a frightened meme.

Similarly, Fuze was also considered by many players to be the Operator with the most potential for shenanigans.

With a Cluster Charge in hand, they'd deploy the device on destructible walls or wooden planks, and then you'd hear 'thump-thump-thump...' as five grenades in a row were shot into the building.

It could be said that before Fuze, all things were equal.

Especially when no one was familiar with the maps, many players would directly pick Fuze in Hostage Mode and start 'thump-thump-thump'-ing the hostage room.

Thus, a scene like this would often occur:

'Breaching device destroyed +10'

'Enemy killed +100'

'Enemy killed +100'

'Teammate killed -200'

............

'You damaged the hostage -5'

'You killed the hostage -500'

[Operation Failed]

[Player (Fuze) has displayed bad behavior, has been kicked from the match and banned for 30 minutes as a warning. All Operators are requested to treat new players kindly, play harmoniously, and cherish their accounts.]

What hostage?

I, Fuze, don't know what a hostage is!

The main reason we're hesitant to act against terrorist personnel isn't just because they have hostages, is it?

Then the problem is very easy to solve: just make sure the opponent doesn't have any hostages!

Of course, this was just a joke, but in the game, many Fuze teammates, completely unaware of the map and mechanisms, would deploy a Cluster Charge on a wall, creating numerous famous scenes.

There was also the Kids' Bedroom in the Chicago Mansion, which many rookies felt looked invincible. The narrow terrain, combined with the defense of reinforced panels, made it an impenetrable fortress if the door was blocked!

It wasn't until they were 'thump-thump-thump'-ed that they understood what 'catching a turtle in a jar' meant.

And they were the turtles.

Besides these, there were many other interesting points for players.

For example, the Operator IQ, an 'old auntie' in the game, had a skill to scan electronic information devices, and she was an attacking Operator.

Meanwhile, on the defending side, there was an agent holding a Heartbeat Sensor, a bald, sunglasses-wearing, cool-looking Operator who looked fierce at first glance, and his skill was also scanning.

As long as you approached him, you could detect heartbeats through his scan.

But here's the crucial part: Auntie IQ's scan range was more than twice that of the Heartbeat Sensor.

So, a common situation would arise where IQ detected a heartbeat, but the Heartbeat Sensor user was still scanning against the wall.

Then, in certain specific scenarios, such as the upper and lower floors of the Chicago Mansion, and some scenes with penetrable wooden walls, IQ would directly pick up her weapon and shoot through the wall.

This was also jokingly referred to by many players as 'son looking for mom, mom looking for son,' though in most cases, the 'mom' would win.

And so on, there was much more content like this in Rainbow Six Siege.

Moreover, for many players, such a unique game truly offered them a lot to study.

Not to mention each Operator's skills, just the complex maps alone were enough for players to ponder for a long time.

However, for some special players, the greatest joy in the game wasn't about getting kills or winning matches.

It was demolition.

At the start, pick Sledge; if there's a place that can be smashed, I'll definitely smash it open for you.

Hostage Rescue? Defuse the bomb? Clear threats?

Go stand aside, how can that be as fun as demolition!

For a time, various interesting video materials appeared online.

Of course, some famous scenes from his previous life that were quite fun were also missing, such as the Revolver Quack Doctor.

Because in the PC version, the defending Operator Doc's syringe button was the middle mouse button, while the left click was fire, and the doctor's weapon included an LFP586 Revolver, he would often accidentally switch from the stim pistol to the revolver while trying to heal, inadvertently killing teammates.

However, when this part is later ported to the PC version, perhaps it will allow them to experience an authentic feel.

'Hostages, don't run, I, Fuze, am here to save you!'

'Acupuncturist Old Chinese Doctor Liu Xing'

Each famous scene was turned into a very joyful and interesting moment by various video creators.

Of course, fun aside, Rainbow Six Siege was still a very serious and highly competitive versus game.

And while Fuze 'thump-thump-thump'-ing the hostage was very amusing and a famous scene.

In reality, it didn't happen that frequently, as killing the hostage in the game resulted in an immediate loss.

Except for rookies or players unfamiliar with the map, some Fuze players would 'thump-thump-thump' the hostage room; otherwise, they would be a bit more restrained.

Hmm... intentionally creating shenanigans couldn't be ruled out either.

As players progressed in game time, just like with most games, the playstyles of veteran players and ordinary players began to diverge.

In casual matchmaking, ordinary players generally wouldn't consider team composition.

They would basically pick whatever Operator they liked, and sometimes, with five Recruit Operators, the defenders would all choose Remote Charges, and the attackers would all choose frag grenades.

Staging a show of 'Explosion Is Art!'

Of course, the only drawback was that one unlucky guy would be wearing a green hat. (Default is blue; repeated selection results in other colors.)

It could be said that in casual matches, everyone just played haphazardly.

But for some veteran and master-level players.

It was completely different.

Attackers would use drones to gather intelligence on various points.

Defenders would each perform their duties, guarding every entrance. As for the map's walls, they weren't mindlessly reinforced.

Instead, they would deliberately open them up to facilitate better mutual support.

The installation of barbed wire, bulletproof cameras, and deployable shields was incredibly precise.

And some very flashy maneuvers, such as vertical remote charges, or pre-installing breaching charges and then staging a 'feint to the east, attack to the west' tactic.

It was incredibly cool, no less impressive than the Operator actions in the promotional video.

After the game's launch, many gaming media outlets also conducted reviews, and while the ratings weren't exceptionally high, they were generally around 9 points.

This was mainly determined by the game's unique characteristics.

Because Rainbow Six Siege itself didn't have a complete and detailed story; it focused more on gameplay.

However, among games of the same genre, it could be said to stand head and shoulders above the rest.

Furthermore, in terms of sales figures, Rainbow Six Siege performed exceptionally well.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>