Chapter 36: The Truth About to Be Revealed

As the game gradually progressed, Dong Zhen was already feeling a little uneasy.

But Dr. Neil and Dr. Eva were still working hard to help Johnny become an astronaut and land on the moon. After all, in reality, they had already signed the contract. No matter what, they had to help Johnny achieve this dream.

Time continued to advance, this time to Johnny's high school years, where he revealed why he liked Liva. Because Johnny felt Liva was special. Here, Johnny acted somewhat selfish, even his good friend Nicolas condemned him for it.

'Quietly feeling bad for Liva!'
'Suddenly I feel Johnny is so annoying!'
'+1, selfish jerk!'
'But I feel like something's not right, maybe there'll be a twist later?'

The bullet comments in Dong Zhen's live stream were also buzzing with discussions. But at this moment, Dong Zhen's attention was completely off the bullet comments; he was engrossed in the game's plot.

It seemed Johnny's behavior during this segment was indeed very selfish, even to the point of being unlikeable. Yet, Dong Zhen couldn't shake the feeling that something was off.

Admittedly, this reason could explain why Liva kept folding origami rabbits. But Dong Zhen still found it a bit far-fetched; what exactly was wrong?

Time continued to advance, arriving at Johnny's adolescence. At home, Johnny went to school, but his mother didn't call him Johnny, but Joey.

Using football as a medium, Eva and Neil advanced once more. But everything that followed was different.

Dong Zhen, in front of his computer, leaned forward slightly, his eyes wide. On the screen, a vast expanse of white appeared, and within this memory, Neil and Eva even detected the stench of a dead animal's decomposing body.

Before Johnny's next memory segment, there was only a void. This meant a part of Johnny's childhood memories was corrupted. And within these damaged memories, there seemed to be the scent of a dead animal's blood.

Unable to proceed, Neil and Eva decided to follow their previously devised plan. They would implant the dream of becoming an astronaut into Johnny, so that through a special machine, Johnny could continuously strive towards this goal.

However, players were clearly not happy with Eva and Neil's approach.

'What the heck, how is this memory corrupted? What exactly is Johnny's childhood memory? You haven't even figured it out yet!'
'Why are you doing things this way?'

Dong Zhen was clearly displeased; after all, compared to going to the moon, he was more curious about the secrets behind it. Based on the game's current performance, he had a premonition that all previous mysteries would be unraveled in Johnny's childhood. But what the heck did these two doctors mean by being unscrupulous to achieve their goals, only focusing on superficial work?!

But to the doctors' surprise, an unexpected turn occurred again. No matter how Neil and Eva tried to guide and hint at Johnny – by adding astronomy courses in his elementary and middle school, changing the movies at the cinema Johnny frequented to aviation themes – everything constantly suggested Johnny become an astronaut. Yet, none of this changed Johnny's subsequent memories. He was even completely uninterested in going to the moon.

Not just the two doctors in the game, but the players too were utterly bewildered. Johnny's subconscious mind didn't even have the slightest desire to go to the moon.

But why did such a person's dying wish end up being to go to the moon?

What on the moon was attracting him?

Time was running out; Johnny's body couldn't hold on much longer. If they wanted to fulfill Johnny's wish, then that incomplete childhood memory might be the crucial point.

Dr. Neil went to consult the company about why this situation occurred. And Dr. Eva was also analyzing why implanting memories into Johnny couldn't change his wishes.

If the machine wasn't faulty, then clearly going to the moon was secondary for Johnny. There was a more significant condition that altered Johnny's desires.

And Liva played a significant role in Johnny's life. They had been together since high school.

But what exactly was the factor that caused Johnny's desires to change?

While Eva was pondering, Neil successfully obtained the results. That was, Johnny's memory was missing because he had taken a large amount of β-blockers when he was a child.

Propranolol, a type of β-blocker, is believed to prevent proteins in the brain from re-storing memories in the previous way. In other words, Johnny's childhood memories were missing because he had consumed a large amount of β-blockers during his childhood.

But this kind of memory doesn't mean it's completely deleted; rather, it's hidden and ignored. Therefore, to use the machine to continue exploring Johnny's childhood, a medium is required.

At this point, Dong Zhen thought of something. "Bloody smell, the smell of a decomposing corpse? Right! Didn't the doctor run over a squirrel at the beginning?! So, can the squirrel's scent be used as a medium?!"

Seeing the in-game prompt, Dong Zhen instantly realized. It was all planned!

"So that's it, that squirrel had a big purpose from the very beginning!"
"One could say this squirrel died a worthy death! It was destined to die! Thanks to this squirrel for its outstanding contribution."

While speaking, Dong Zhen controlled the in-game character to the roadside to collect the squirrel's scent.

And the bullet comments in the live stream were also scrolling.

'Squirrel: Oh, thanks a lot, you bastards!'
'One of the most tragic characters: The Squirrel!'

However, setting aside the teasing bullet comments, more people, like Dong Zhen, were filled with anticipation and curiosity about what Johnny's childhood memories would reveal next.

Amidst a flurry of urging bullet comments in the live stream. Dong Zhen used the scent as a medium and successfully entered Johnny's chaotic memory segment.

This was a very chaotic memory, where various points in time overlapped. So, many younger versions of Johnny could be seen on the street. Among them, Dong Zhen noticed a Johnny playing with a football. This football was one of the previous mediums.

The two doctors searched everywhere in the small town but found nothing. Just then, Johnny's mother finished talking with someone and was about to start the car and leave. But no one noticed 'Little Johnny' chasing his football, coming to the back of the car.

The car started, and with a 'bang,' 'Little Johnny' was knocked to the ground.

What happened? Little Johnny got into a car accident? So that's why his memories were missing? But wasn't it said he took too many β-blockers?

There was some confusion, but just like the two doctors in the game, Dong Zhen also thought the one who was hit was Johnny.

But the next moment, the real Johnny appeared.

Instantly, some previous doubts were answered!

Thanks to 'X Xiaoxiaohu' for the 100 tip!
(End of chapter)