Chapter 8: Philosophy Mode, Activated (Please recommend!)

Chapter 8: Philosophy Mode, Activated (Please recommend!)

"Hmm, this UI interface seems quite pretty!"

Upon entering the game, Jiang Ping's eyes lit up at the UI interface.

Despite being a not-so-mature Lewd Person, Jiang Ping hadn't played many Gentleman's Games.

However, he still had some rudimentary experience with this type of game.

Although most of the games he'd played were made using the Official Game Engine, even their UI content was often a mess.

But this Mirror (Game), at least in terms of its UI, was actually quite good.

"Can I only choose one character?"

After clicking to enter the game, Jiang Ping looked at a diamond shape in the center.

Inside were various characters, but only one Dark Elf was selectable.

The rest were locked.

"So many characters to choose from? It seems... a bit rich!"

Jiang Ping's face showed surprise.

At the same time, there was a little excitement in his heart.

Subconsciously, Jiang Ping glanced at the dorm door.

The dorm door was still closed; his roommates were all out for the day.

Walking to the door, Jiang Ping closed and then locked it.

Sitting back in front of the computer, looking at the game screen he had entered, he couldn't help but take a deep breath, his expression becoming solemn and sacred.

Of course, in his mind, he had a different thought altogether.

Starting with a Dark Elf character right off the bat? This is too stimulating!

With a tiny bit of excitement, Jiang Ping followed the tutorial and clicked on an icon similar to a combat one.

"On this deep night, Blackwater Castle, somewhat isolated from the world, unexpectedly welcomed uninvited guests."

"Those almost invisible shadows gradually emerged."

Looking at the game screen and the subsequent options,

Jiang Ping was stunned. Isn't this a Gentleman's Game? This... why does it look like a visual novel?

It even has a plot?

Jiang Ping scratched his head, but didn't think too much, just clicked a few times randomly.

Seeing the game enter combat, Jiang Ping was stunned again.

Is this game really a Match-3 game?

He had seen people on forums say it was the best Match-3 game, and Jiang Ping thought they were joking.

But now, the gameplay really is Match-3?

"Hmm, orange orbs increase physical attack, sword icons are physical, stars are magic, and potions restore health."

"Connecting four identical orbs gives an enhanced orb, and five creates a magic diamond that deals massive damage."

"And there are items and special skills that can be used, though currently there's only one health-restoring item."

Following the newbie guide, Jiang Ping quickly understood the game's combat system.

Then he was a little surprised.

Was he playing a Gentleman's Game or a normal Match-3 game?

Why were there so many variations?

Jiang Ping looked astonished. He knew that the Gentleman's Games he used to play rarely had so many tricks.

Some were basically just click, click, click, and then the character art would pop up.

And some of the poor-quality ones were particularly perfunctory.

But this Mirror (Game) was something special!

The combat system was excessively rich!

Well, for a Gentleman's Game, that is.

Besides, there was even a plot! And the Lewd Person elements... there's something there, and a lot of it!

Pursing his lips and narrowing his eyes, Jiang Ping leaned forward slightly, temporarily turning off the small speaker on his desk.

He took a pair of earbud headphones from the drawer, plugged them into the computer, and put one earbud in.

After successfully completing the Match-3 game and launching an attack, the Dark Elf even had attack sound effects.

And when the health reached a certain level, the clothes...

Ah! That's right!

According to the previous plot, the era should be the Middle Ages, right?

No wonder the clothes were of such poor quality!

The living conditions of the people back then were truly harsh. Look at how tattered these clothes are, look at how tanned this skin is.

Matching five identical tiles even produced a diamond, and the damage was so high!

One could also use unique skills and purchase corresponding items to aid in attacks.

There was even a turn limit; only 13 turns left, and why did this elf still have so much health?

After a brief trial, Jiang Ping's attention quickly shifted from the elf's clothes to the Match-3 game.

He had to admit, this Match-3 game actually seemed pretty fun!

………………

"The quality is absolutely explosive!"

After two consecutive battles, he entered PLAY mode.

Jiang Ping felt as if all the Gentleman's Games he had played before were a waste of time.

What is a Gentleman's Game?

*This* is a Gentleman's Game!

What were those previous ones?

They only had gentlemanly content but no game.

Of course, if that were all, it would be acceptable, as long as the content itself was strong.

But some were just poorly made, did they really think gentlemen's money wasn't real money?

Look at this Mirror (Game). Not only is it highly practical, but the game content is also so rich. *This* is the quality a Gentleman's Game should have, *this* is what a true Gentleman's Game should contain!

And it even has Galgame elements?

And two endings?

Jiang Ping, who had just achieved a Pure Love Ending on his first playthrough, recalled the different choices he made.

Seeing that the Dark Elf character's unlock progress was only at 50%, he became incredibly excited.

He never expected that instead of finding the doujinshi he wanted, he would stumble upon such a divine game!

"Hmm, I won't play new characters yet. I'll check out the other storyline first."

"Following normal game logic, the second ending should probably be the Dark Elf turning evil, right?"

With curiosity, a tiny bit of excitement, and nervousness, Jiang Ping clicked in again.

………………

Ten minutes later—

"Why is it like this?"

Sitting in front of the computer, Jiang Ping felt both excited and moved.

She was born into nobility but cared deeply for the impoverished commoners, even resorting to theft herself to help them.

Yet, the very commoners she had helped turned out to be ugly, shameless, and repaid kindness with ingratitude.

Facing the Dark Elf captured by the devil, these commoners harbored only evil thoughts in their minds.

Although the in-game character art was still explosive, the voice acting in this game, compared to other Gentleman's Games, was phenomenal.

But Jiang Ping still felt a mix of emotions in his heart.

Especially later, when he saw a Young Guard who came in, despite having good intentions,

Still couldn't uphold his moral bottom line and extended a sinful hand towards her.

This was like the last straw that broke the camel's back.

Coupled with the final scene of the devil smirking in the shadows outside the wall, it moved Jiang Ping deeply.

He could perhaps understand why the well-known gentlemen on the forums reacted so unusually to this game.

This was not just a simple Gentleman's Game.

It also contained a questioning of human nature and an exploration of good and evil.

This instantly prompted Jiang Ping to ponder some philosophical questions and thoughts.

Is human nature inherently good, as Mencius said, or inherently evil, as Xunzi said?

Why did these people repay the elf who helped them with ingratitude?

Why, despite having good intentions in the end, did evil prevail?

Jiang Ping, immersed in philosophical mode, was earnestly contemplating.

However, this was only the beginning.

Seeking all kinds of votes, the author bows down and kowtows~ [Thump, thump, thump]

(End of Chapter)