Chapter 665: The Road Not Taken (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

As the battle entered its next phase, Zhang Yi felt as if Elizabeth was a comforting presence.

She would pick locks to open doors for Booker, and even find coins and bullets to resupply him.

And during combat, there was absolutely no need to worry about Elizabeth. She took care of herself wonderfully, which Zhang Yi felt was far superior to Old Song.

Because when he played `Rainbow Six Siege` and `Call of Duty: Modern Warfare` with Old Song, all the information he heard from Old Song's voice channel was 'critically injured', 'a sliver of health', and 'I'm gone'. Then, when he finished off the opponent or also died and entered the score screen, he would realize that 'critically injured' meant losing 10 health points, and 'a sliver of health' meant losing 20 health points.

Basically, if you landed a hit, the enemy was always critically injured with a sliver of health.

Their team always played 4v6.

Elizabeth, however, was different; she perfectly embodied what an excellent support should be. When Booker was injured but had no health packs, or ran out of bullets, Elizabeth would throw over health packs and bullets from seemingly nowhere. That shout:

“Booker, catch!”

It truly warmed Zhang Yi’s heart.

On normal difficulty, Zhang Yi couldn't afford to be reckless before. But with Elizabeth joining, Zhang Yi suddenly felt the game had become as easy as a Hack-and-Slash Game.

“I feel like I could challenge hard mode now!”

“This is the effect of a good support! Elizabeth as a teammate is simply amazing!” Zhang Yi exclaimed excitedly.

Elizabeth’s performance was simply too outstanding. Why was he so bad at games before? It was because all his teammates were like Old Song!

It had to be said that Elizabeth, as a teammate, gave Zhang Yi a truly extraordinary feeling.

Zhang Yi had encountered many companions in games before. For example, Ellie in `The Last of Us`, and his teammates in `Call of Duty: Modern Warfare`. They were all very capable and helpful teammates.

But Elizabeth gave Zhang Yi a completely different feeling. It wasn't because Elizabeth was incredibly beautiful; it was more about her various behaviors. Besides that desperate cry of 'Booker, catch!' when things were dire, there was another very important point: Elizabeth never stole his thunder in the game, and she felt incredibly alive.

She would also react to the player's actions. For example, after killing someone in her sight, Elizabeth seemed somewhat distressed once the danger passed. Booker then explained to her that for her to escape alive, people had to die. This interaction also made Zhang Yi feel that Elizabeth was even more vivid.

In combat, when the player was in peril, suppressed by enemy fire and unable to lift their head, Elizabeth would deliberately draw the enemy's attention, resolving the player's dangerous situation. When Booker lacked health packs or bullets, Elizabeth would also open a space rift to find these resources.

Even more amazing, when he sometimes needed to spend coins to buy things and was just a little short on money, Elizabeth would somehow pull out some cash for him.

Outside of combat, Elizabeth's performance was equally stunning. She wasn't just a background prop, following behind the player. She would approach nearby scenes and interact with them; for instance, she would look at interesting paintings and posters.

Yet, she would never lose sight of the player, never block their path, and never drag them down in combat. It could be said that this vividness truly made Zhang Yi feel that she wasn't an NPC teammate, but a real Elizabeth, a living being.

Facing the various guards in this sky city, Booker and Elizabeth cooperated flawlessly, fighting their way out. After dealing with Slate, one of Booker's old comrades, Booker and Elizabeth seized control of the First Lady airship and successfully started it.

In the level where he dealt with Slate, Zhang Yi also keenly noticed some details: Booker had committed some unspeakable sins. Combining this with the Native Americans in the First Lady building, Prophet Comstock’s mention of Wounded Knee, and the box Booker opened at the beginning of the game while traveling to the lighthouse by boat, Zhang Yi confirmed his initial guess at the start of the game: Booker might have been a soldier who participated in the Wounded Knee Massacre.

But what did this background have to do with the game's plot? The various allusions in the game clearly told players that this background was very important. However, with the current clues, Zhang Yi still couldn't analyze much.

As Zhang Yi pondered, Booker entered the airship's flight coordinates. But seeing the coordinates Booker entered, Elizabeth, who was beside him, suddenly called out to Booker, sounding angry, anxious, and wronged.

“Wait! What is that? 40 degrees North, 74 degrees West? That’s not Paris; that’s New York!”

“How did you know?”

“I have one thing in that tower, Mr. DeWitt, and that is time! I’ve studied subjects like geography!”

“I owe a debt, and there’s a man… willing to help me repay my debts… in exchange for you.” Facing Elizabeth’s interrogation, Booker chose not to lie.

Hearing Booker's words, Elizabeth turned away, covering her face and crying. Seeing Elizabeth cry, Booker, who had experienced this adventure with her, felt a pang of sympathy and spoke to comfort her.

“Alright, don’t be like that, everything will be fine, maybe we can talk, and then we can…”

Just as Zhang Yi thought Booker was about to say that he wouldn't hand Elizabeth over, Elizabeth suddenly turned around, grabbed a wrench from the workbench, and swung it at Booker. The camera shook, Booker fell to the ground, and the game screen became somewhat blurry.

At the same time, an airship appeared outside, and Elizabeth directly jumped onto the skyline and escaped.

“Awesome, sis!”

Zhang Yi's eyes widened at this scene. Regarding Elizabeth and Booker's subsequent story, he had imagined countless possibilities. For example, Booker having a change of heart and deciding to abandon the mission of kidnapping Elizabeth. Or Comstock attacking, forcing Elizabeth and Booker to temporarily put aside their differences and resist the pursuers.

But what Zhang Yi never expected was that Elizabeth was faking her tears, deliberately making Booker drop his guard, then hitting him with a wrench and making her escape. This was a road he had never imagined.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>