Chapter 578: The Truth Slowly Unfolds (Please subscribe for monthly passes)

Here, completely different from previous scenes, giant gears were turning, emitting rumbling sounds.

IV tubes crisscrossed in every direction, forming quite a spectacular sight.

Naturally, the quality of monsters here was also stronger than the werewolves in the village before. Because all mutated organisms had been transformed by Heisenberg into flesh-and-machine monsters; some were turned into Drill Men, some into Chainsaw Men, and others possessed sharp steel claws. Of course, the most terrifying was still the Fan Monster that had been chasing Ethan; just the whooshing sound of its rapidly spinning propeller was enough to make one's heart pound with dread.

After a series of puzzles, the player finally engaged in a major battle with the Fan Monster in a small basement.

However, once the actual battle began, the player quickly realized the Fan Monster in front of them only *looked* scary. In reality, it was completely useless in a fight; while it appeared formidable and its lethality was high enough that one hit could practically take out half your health. But its construction, half machine in the upper body and flesh in the lower, made its movements extremely inconvenient; its turning speed was even slower than when facing the noblewomen in the ancient castle. Moreover, its attack methods were just its 'three standard moves': a straight charge combined with a spinning flame breath. After a little familiarization and using the terrain to control Ethan to circle around it, it was basically nothing to worry about.

Compared to the Fan Monster, what concerned Song Ren more was Heisenberg's dialogue during this time, and the diary found later in the basement. Evidently, no matter the game world, both protagonists and NPCs shared a good habit of keeping a diary.

And in Heisenberg's diary, Song Ren found a very bold conjecture.

“That bitch Miranda! Full of lies!

To her, we're just a bunch of failed blessings. Compared to those idiots in the village, I'm rather fortunate. Only because my compatibility with that thing is higher does she call me her son. What a joke!

I will never forgive her for everything she's done to me.

That bitch was never sane. She doesn't understand the difference between an experiment and family. Miranda not only took away my original body, but also my dignity.

If I don't kill her, I'll never be free.

However... even though she's a lunatic, her power is truly immense. She can even transform into anyone using the Mold Lord's power.

The key is that child, Rose! If I can obtain her power, then...

Speaking of which, her father Ethan's body is quite interesting too. Perhaps I can find a way to make him help me...”

Looking at the clues in the diary, Song Ren suddenly recalled the opening cutscene of the game.

The part where Chris forcefully entered the house and shot Mia.

Through Heisenberg's diary and the previously collected clues, a bold theory emerged in Song Ren's mind, and his clever intellect instantly 'occupied the high ground'. In that case, everything made sense!

For some unknown reason, Miranda also possessed Mold powers similar to Evelyn from the previous game, and seemed even more powerful, having existed for an unknown number of years. As for the reason, it was that Miranda wanted to resurrect her daughter. At the same time, Ethan and Mia had undergone some physical changes due to the incident three years ago; for example, Ethan's ability to perform the feat of 'hot-plugging' his right hand was a sequela from that time. And as the offspring of Ethan and Mia, Rose could be said to be a genuine 'Mold-infected second generation', extremely special. Miranda, for some unknown reason, learned about Rose, so in order to abduct Rose, Miranda transformed into Chris, forcefully entered the house, much like the event where Chris shot Mia, thus triggering this series of events.

Of course, there was another explanation: the Mia living with Ethan might have been Miranda in disguise, which would also explain why Mia always acted so angry when Ethan talked about Chris at the beginning.

Carrying his conjecture, Song Ren controlled Ethan to continue forward. However, no sooner had he exited the basement than Ethan encountered Heisenberg. But unlike the previous Heisenberg, this Heisenberg was now somewhat different. Using his powerful electromagnetic ability to manipulate metal, Heisenberg actually used surrounding metal parts to forcibly assemble himself into a massive robot, with rapidly spinning chainsaws looking incredibly terrifying.

“What the heck is this?! You're telling me this is Resident Evil! Can Resident Evil even do something like this?!” Song Ren was utterly bewildered.

The previous half-human, half-machine transformations could barely be called bio-organic, as at least half was still human. But what the heck was this now? You've just transformed into a robot?!

Ethan, who had just climbed up from the underground mechanical factory, stared blankly at the Heisenberg-brand robot before him, completely stunned. Fortunately, Heisenberg at this moment had no intention of bothering Ethan; what Heisenberg wanted to do now was to confront Miranda. Using his own methods, he intended to seize Rose and turn her into a weapon to definitively kill Miranda. So, facing Ethan climbing up from underground, Heisenberg couldn't even be bothered to pursue him, simply severing the ground and making Ethan fall back down into the underground factory.

“Scram! Don't come back!”

He fell from a great height, but fortunately, the very bottom wasn't hard ground, but a drainage ditch. This saved Ethan's life.

Ethan, having climbed ashore from the water, was panting heavily but showed no signs of resting, as he had to hurry to stop Miranda and Heisenberg. For Heisenberg, the goal was to kill Miranda, but for Ethan, killing Miranda was not the ultimate objective at all; his only goal was to rescue Rose.

Simply moving aside the stones at the drainage outlet, Ethan advanced, panting. After continuous high-intensity combat—killing vampires in the ancient castle, slaying werewolves in the village, bombing fish in the fishing village, playing hide-and-seek in the villa, and repeatedly experiencing high-altitude falls in the factory. The current Ethan was already somewhat exhausted. Every time he moved a stone, he would take a few deep breaths, completely different from his performance at the beginning. But no matter what, he had to keep moving forward, absolutely unable to let Rose fall into the hands of those lunatics.

Finally, as the last blocking slab was pushed aside, he found an exit through the opening. However, just as he emerged, a pair of hands appeared from the darkness, directly snatching Ethan's gun, then punching and kicking Ethan away. With a crash, Ethan was directly kicked several meters away. Struggling to get up from the ground, Ethan saw the other person's face in the darkness and was instantly startled. Because it was Chris!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>

```