Chapter 563: Wife Dies at the Start!? (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Song Ren looked at Mia in the game with a face full of surprise.

In the previous installment, Mia was already very beautiful. But Song Ren felt she was still missing something. Now, Song Ren finally understood what that was. Mia, holding a baby in her arms, had a gentle smile on her face. This sense of maturity as a new mother completely enhanced Mia's previous aura. If it were a perfect score of 100, he would have given Mia 90 points in the previous game. But now, it was definitely 98 points. As for the remaining two points, those were for future room for improvement.

What a harmonious family! Song Ren exclaimed with a smile on his face.

“Look... she's asleep,” Mia said softly, looking at the baby in her arms, her brows conveying tenderness and love for her child.

“Why is this story so dark? She's only six months old,” Ethan beside her couldn't help but complain about the fairy tale they'd just read.

Mia reached out a hand to gently close the black-covered storybook and handed it to Ethan. “The bookstore said it's a traditional tale, passed down for a long time. Besides, Rose doesn't seem to care.” She gently stroked her daughter Rose's head, a loving smile on her face.

“Because she doesn't understand it at all, thank goodness. We moved here to keep her away from all that, remember?” Ethan sounded a little helpless.

Hearing Ethan's words, Mia frowned, her voice suddenly rising to interrupt Ethan, full of displeasure. “My memory isn't flawed!”

The sudden change in expression made Song Ren in the game flinch, reminding him of Mia's physical breakup in the original *Resident Evil*. “If there's no problem, there's no problem, why are you yelling so loudly!” Song Ren grumbled softly, not daring to breathe heavily.

Fortunately, Mia in the game didn't seem to be transforming. Just like a squabbling couple, after a brief moment of impatience, Mia sighed softly, appearing to understand Ethan. “You're just being paranoid.”

“I'm not... never mind, I'm sorry.” Ethan started to say something, but then apologized, adding, “But this isn't being paranoid; it's being cautious.”

“Then carefully take the child to bed,” Mia said, joking with her husband.

“I'll finish making dinner.” At the same time, she carefully handed Rose to Ethan.

Ethan took the child from Mia's hands, speaking softly.

“It's okay, Rose. Your mom wants to forget everything, it's not her fault.”

“What did you say?” Mia, in the kitchen, hadn't heard Ethan clearly and asked curiously, thinking he was talking to her.

“Nothing, I'm taking the baby to sleep.” Ethan said, carrying Rose to the upstairs room.

Placing Rose in her crib, Ethan gently stroked her head.

“Sleep soundly, Daddy's downstairs. Daddy won't let the monsters from the fairy tales get close to you.”

Hearing Ethan's words, Song Ren in the game couldn't help but sigh with emotion. It wasn't easy; Ethan had truly been through a lot. Three years ago, in that incident, Ethan saved his wife and now had a happy family – it was hard-won. But as a game, and with a male protagonist, how could there be no further developments?

After a brief search in the room, Song Ren also found some items, such as Rose's clothes and Ethan's diary. However, as a modern person, Ethan didn't write his diary in a notebook, but on a computer.

“Who seriously writes a diary!” Looking at the diary before him, Song Ren couldn't help but exclaim. Nebula Games now had one more 'diary keeper'.

Amidst Song Ren's exclamations, Ethan returned to the kitchen on the first floor. Mia was cooking with her back to Ethan. Hearing the movement, Mia turned around: “How is she?”

“She's fine, sleeping soundly, like... like a sleeping baby.” Ethan thought for a long time before describing.

“Hearing your words is like hearing words; what are you even saying?!” Song Ren in the game couldn't help but grumble.

Mia couldn't help but laugh, taking the soup off the stove.

“Smells good, what is it?” Ethan said, wanting to take a bite, but Mia tapped his hand away with a spoon.

“Don't touch, sir. This is Diced Vegetable and Meat Sour Thick Soup, a local dish.”

“Wow, you've already become a local?”

“Uh-huh... And local wine, but if you're going to be moody all night, you won't get any.”

Mia and Ethan flirted and bickered, while also placing red wine and dishes on the dining table. *This* is what people eat! *This* is a harmonious and warm family! Looking at the thick soup, red wine, and steak in the game, Song Ren couldn't help but exclaim. Compared to the Large Intestine Sashimi from the previous game, this was much more normal and heartwarming. He almost forgot he was playing a horror game.

“You really don't need to worry anymore,” Mia said, pouring red wine into a tall glass.

“But... finding you in Louisiana, getting pregnant... Chris making us move, military training... everything happened so fast, didn't it?” Ethan still felt it was a bit surreal, or rather, hadn't adapted to their current life.

“Yes, but at least we're together.” Mia looked at Ethan with a smile. “You, me, Rose. Now everything will be...” But before she could finish, Ethan interrupted.

“Honestly? Do you really think we can just forget what happened in Louisiana?”

Hearing Ethan's words, Mia seemed a bit unhappy and impatient, not wanting to continue discussing those unpleasant past events. “That's all ancient history. I just... I really don't understand why you're so...” Before she could finish, the sound of glass shattering rang out. *Thwack!* A spray of blood instantly splattered from Mia's shoulder. The sudden change made both Ethan and Mia freeze. The next second, the lights in the room instantly went out. Ethan, reacting, shouted loudly: “Get down! Mia, get down!” But it was too late. In the complete darkness, gunshots echoed, and amidst Mia's screams, countless bullets hit her, causing blood to splatter everywhere. The dining table was quickly stained red with blood. In the blink of an eye, Mia had fallen into a pool of blood. A moment later, the gunshots ceased, and a series of muffled footsteps approached. Ethan and Song Ren in the game were both stunned to see who it was. Because the assailant was actually Chris! The same Chris who saved Mia and Ethan in the previous game! Wasn't he a good guy?! How could it be him?! In an instant, Song Ren's cerebellum felt overloaded. He couldn't understand it at all! Mia and Ethan had only moved because Chris asked them to, hadn't they? Why would he ruthlessly kill Mia?!

“I'm sorry, Ethan...” Looking at Ethan, who was questioning him, Chris, holding a pistol, glanced at Mia, who seemed not yet completely dead beside them. He raised his gun and fired five shots into Mia's head. The wife they had painstakingly saved in the previous game was dead, just like that?!
(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>