Chapter 639: First Time Exploring (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

In _World of Warcraft_, dungeons usually have dedicated questlines to guide players to them.

And each dungeon generally has its own related backstory.

The dungeon located in Moonbrook can be said to be one with excellent early-game guidance.

As long as players complete the escort quest, they will almost certainly not miss the Deadmines dungeon.

Of course, for those who are directionally challenged, that's another story.

But in terms of complexity, the Deadmines is actually quite friendly.

Compared to later dungeons like Blackrock Depths and Sunken Temple, this early-game dungeon is quite forgiving.

"It doesn't matter if your equipment is bad; we'll farm in the dungeon. Today, our gear will go from rusty pistols to cannons!"

Song Ren looked at his four teammates and started making grand promises.

He was quite skilled at this, as he had to give a speech at every meeting.

However, Zhang Yi and the others completely ignored Song Ren.

"Old Song, stop talking nonsense, how are we going to fight? I saw online that some masters have already cleared this dungeon."

While taking a piece of bread from Wang Yifan, Zhang Yi asked Song Ren.

Before _World of Warcraft_ was released, Chen Xu had already specifically introduced dungeons within Nebula World.

This was to give players an idea of what _Warcraft_ dungeons were like.

Moreover, unlike in his previous life, when _World of Warcraft_ first entered open beta, there were no relevant plugins or voice chat. Dungeons relied entirely on typing and eye contact. Coupled with the generally poor player PC configurations at the time, running a dungeon often felt like playing a slideshow at 15-20 FPS.

Multiple factors naturally made dungeon difficulty much higher.

Chen Xu, of course, couldn't design it that way.

So, with built-in voice chat and a data tracker in the game, players found it much easier. For players familiar with MMORPGs, if their level and equipment weren't too bad, after a few wipes to understand the dungeon's mechanisms, clearing it wasn't very difficult.

"How to fight? Of course, we'll see as we go. With our strength, I don't think clearing this dungeon should be a big problem, right? After all, we're almost level 20 now." Song Ren thought for a moment and gave his conclusion.

How to fight?

How would he know?

It was their first time in this dungeon; they'd figure it out as they went.

As for the online streamers who had already achieved first clears, the videos and guides weren't out yet.

And even if they were, he didn't really want to watch them. The joy of a first clear was more important.

He and Zhang Yi shared the same thought.

They just wanted to purely experience the fun of the game. Although the game had PVP content, they had no intention of becoming kings or tyrants.

Wouldn't it be more enjoyable to gather herbs, mine, and fish when they had nothing else to do?

As for equipment and levels, they'd leave it to fate. If they really couldn't clear the dungeon, then they'd look for a guide.

What? You asked about his childhood dream of being the first warrior of Azeroth?

After experiencing the hardships of leveling, and even having to bribe Zhang Yi and the others with promises of hotpot to get money for skills, he had completely given up.

It was just like when a teacher asked what you wanted to be as a child, and you'd enthusiastically say a scientist. Dreams and reality often have a huge gap.

Of course, despite his 'Zen' attitude, Song Ren was actually quite confident in his small team's strength.

At least the composition was very reasonable.

As a Warrior, he naturally took on the role of Tank, and he was very professional.

Some rookie Warriors might still use Battle Stance to tank at this point, but he was different; Defensive Stance was already engaged.

The Mage and Rogue served as the main damage dealers.

And the Priest, needless to say, you can't go without a Priest. How could he, the Warrior, tank without a good healer?

How could his teammates deal damage?

There was also a Paladin, who could not only heal with Holy Light but also act as a secondary tank when necessary, and as a faction class, they were like a symbol of faith.

Two words: perfect!

Boasting and clearing out small mobs like Defias Sentinels and elite monsters like Foremen, they quickly arrived at the dungeon entrance.

"This environment doesn't feel very creepy!"

"Yeah, I thought it would be a very dark scene!"

"You guys are overthinking it; this isn't a horror game."

Upon entering the Deadmines, everyone discussed in low voices.

Initially, they all thought it would be a rather oppressive and dark scene.

After all, it was called the Deadmines.

And the dungeon was also an underground tunnel.

They were genuinely worried that this dungeon would be dark and oppressive.

After all, Chen Xu was very good at designing such games.

Leaving aside _Outlast_ and _Resident Evil_, which scared countless people, the gloomy scenes in _Dark Souls_ and _Bloodborne_ alone were enough to leave a lingering fear.

So, they were genuinely afraid that _World of Warcraft_ would also have such elements.

And they had previously seen the experiences of Horde players online, especially Undead players.

Graveyard, Deathknell, Ruins of Lordaeron, Undercity.

Coupled with the surrounding monsters.

Extremely ugly Ghouls, mindless Zombies, Skeleton Soldiers, Carrion Ghouls, Bats, Spiders...

They could only say the experience was awful. While not exactly terrifying, it was somewhat oppressive.

But now, the environment of this mine put Song Ren and the others at ease.

Although the lighting wasn't bright, relying entirely on oil lamps on the walls, it was still normal.

"The monsters in the dungeon are all high-level. Pull them slowly; don't aggro too many."

As the commander, Song Ren looked at the monsters in the dungeon and gave instructions.

The types of monsters in the Deadmines were not very complex.

The common monsters were called Defias Miners. Based on some quests and conversations with NPCs they had learned before.

Song Ren and his group roughly understood some of the stories behind the Deadmines. Of course, more detailed stories would clearly require more plot progression, or be pieced together from what they heard and saw after clearing the dungeon.

Ordinary Defias Miners were not difficult to deal with, even though they were a few levels higher.

The more troublesome ones were the Defias Overseers; they required caution when paired with regular Miner mobs.

Because the Defias Overseers had significant increases in all stats, including health, attack, and defense.

Besides that, the most annoying monster was one called the Defias Conjurer.

This guy could cast Ice Armor and remotely summon pillars of fire for damage, posing an even greater threat than the Defias Overseer.

"Old Song, can you handle it? This health bar makes me really nervous," Joey couldn't help but say.

The health bar was more erratic than an electrocardiogram.

And they also needed to be careful not to lose aggro, otherwise, a party wipe was a certainty with the monster's attack power.

They were no strangers to the aggro mechanism, having understood it from the pre-game information.

"What can I do? I didn't know the monster's attack power was so high!" Song Ren was also frustrated.

What could he do? He was already giving it his all!

"Old Song, too many monsters!"

At this moment, Wang Yifan on the side shouted in a panic.

"Don't panic! Leave it to me!"

Song Ren decisively moved forward. As a Warrior, he had to protect his teammates behind him.

"Hey! Bastards!" Seeing the out-of-control monsters, Song Ren immediately taunted them.

As long as he lived, he was like an iron wall, and his teammates behind him would absolutely not suffer an inch of harm.

This was the promise of a Warrior, a Tank!

Twenty seconds later, five souls appeared in the graveyard.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>