Chapter 810: Can Good Looks Let You Get Away with Anything?

Shaking his head quickly, Song Ren cast aside his thoughts of being a wage earner. After all, if he continued thinking like that, he felt the game's flavor would change somewhat.

It became a little unbearable for him to look at. He hadn't cleared all the slum's side quests, as he wasn't a completionist player.

As for the game's difficulty, he had chosen only the normal difficulty, not one of those hard modes that demanded high character levels.

Judging by his gaming experience, at this difficulty, following the main quest and occasionally doing a few side quests would generally prevent him from getting stuck. As long as he wasn't unwilling to use items, like a hoarder who wouldn't use a +200 HP potion if they had a +100 HP one, he'd be fine in combat.

For Song Ren, his main concern was the subsequent developments in the main story.

After completing two side quests, Song Ren headed straight for the main story.

Cloud received his subsequent payment from Tifa and Barret.

Late at night, Jessie, one of the Avalanche trio, approached Cloud because she wanted to ask Cloud and two other companions to help her with something.

That was to infiltrate a Shinra warehouse and alter the gunpowder composition.

Although Avalanche's goal was to destroy Mako Reactors, they didn't want to bring disaster to ordinary people.

The first Mako Reactor attack had caused numerous casualties.

As a game player, Song Ren knew very well that this was a conspiracy orchestrated by Shinra Corporation. But Jessie and her Avalanche companions were clearly unaware, believing that the powerful dosage of gunpowder she had prepared was responsible for the consequences.

So, for the upcoming plan to destroy Mako Reactor No. 5, Jessie wanted to reduce the gunpowder's potency and approached Cloud, a former Shinra SOLDIER now working as a mercenary.

This segment of the story allowed Song Ren to gain a deeper understanding of the backstory of the Avalanche trio.

There was Wedge, the chubby guy; Biggs, who looked like a tactician; and the spirited Jessie.

Although Tifa didn't participate in this mission, which left Song Ren, who had been hoping to fight alongside her, a little disappointed.

But soon, his attention was drawn by Jessie.

In this part of the story, a late-night high-speed chase sequence directly unfolded.

It was like the chase scene in 'Advent Children' when Cloud first confronted the Kadaj trio.

With Jessie riding on Cloud's motorcycle, they engaged in a spectacular battle against the pursuing Shinra soldiers and Roche, a Shinra SOLDIER.

Although the enemies weren't as imposing as the Giant Scorpion from the first Mako Reactor mission.

The entire combat sequence was exceptionally cool and flashy.

Of course, what left the deepest impression was how Jessie flirted with Cloud after the chase.

“You passed!” Jessie, sitting behind him, gave a thumbs-up.

“What?” “Your riding skills.”

“Don't arbitrarily grade me,” Cloud said flatly.

“Though it was barely a pass, you could ride a little faster!” Jessie, holding him tightly, swayed Cloud's waist back and forth.

“You'll fall off.”

“Do I look that fragile?”

“Hold tight.”

“Ah... that last sentence made my heart flutter... just kidding!”

Watching Jessie flirt with Cloud from behind him, Song Ren in the game was utterly bewildered.

What about Tifa being the protagonist's love interest, as promised?

Is Jessie going to take over?

How can she flirt so well!?!?

“And... that was just barely a pass for me. If I got an 'excellent,' what other plot points would trigger?!” Song Ren mused, recalling Jessie's lines, and couldn't help but smack his lips.

Seeing that the story had advanced, and they had passed through the tunnel scene, he silently opened the game's main menu and selected 'Load Game'.

It wasn't for beauty; it was purely out of curiosity to see if different actions would lead to subtle changes.

Song Ren justified his actions inwardly and, familiar with the route, started another chase sequence.

“Holy cow! This time, no dialogue, she just went straight for a kiss?!”

Watching Jessie, who had said she'd give Cloud a reward, directly kiss him on the cheek, Song Ren was instantly stunned.

Is this reasonable!? Tell me, is this reasonable!?!?

Can good looks let you get away with anything?

Carrying this resentment, Song Ren continued to advance the story, learning about Jessie's family background. Jessie, who had aspired to be a stage actress since childhood, chose to join Avalanche after her father, a Shinra employee, suffered Mako poisoning and became a vegetable.

He also learned about her bond of friendship with Biggs and Wedge.

However, for Song Ren, the most exciting part was the subsequent combat segment.

“This giant lizard is awesome!”

Using a Summon Materia previously gifted by Jessie, Song Ren summoned the beast named Ifrit.

As the earth trembled, a colossal, lizard-like creature emerged from deep underground, mingled with erupting lava.

Putting everything else aside, its visual presence and expressive power were absolutely maxed out.

Steampunk, magic, SOLDIERs, summons…

Just like the game's title, the entire game's style could only be described as fantasy.

Yet, to Song Ren, the game blended these elements together exceptionally well.

Moreover, the storyline, for now, was also getting better and better.

Just like the 'Advent Children' movie, besides all the grand scenes and dazzling beauty.

There were also some humorous elements in the leisurely details.

Song Ren kept his eyes closed throughout the scene where they parachuted directly from the upper levels of Midgar back to the slums.

Because it was absolutely terrifying.

Like skydiving, it was much more thrilling than bungee jumping or anything similar.

Upon returning to the ground, the chubby Wedge, whose life Cloud had saved during a previous encounter with Shinra, was grateful.

So, the chubby Wedge immediately started calling Cloud 'Big Bro,' though Cloud wasn't particularly enthusiastic about it.

Wedge then took Cloud to confirm if all their teammates had made it home.

At Jessie's doorstep, Wedge warned: “This is Jessie's house, guys can't go in!”

“Girls who want to be actresses live inside, Big Bro, you can't have any improper thoughts!”

?????

Hearing the chubby Wedge's words, Song Ren instantly perked up.

If you put it that way, he certainly wasn't sleepy anymore!

Watching Wedge run ahead after giving his explanation, Song Ren quietly slowed his pace and gradually retreated. When Wedge's back was out of sight, he stealthily approached the door and pressed the interaction button to open it.

“Big Bro! Guys can't go in!”

Just as Song Ren was anticipating, he saw the chubby Wedge peeking half his body around the corner ahead, staring intently at Cloud.

“You haven't left, and you’re still watching me! Wasn't it because I was afraid the door wasn't properly closed, so I specifically came to check? Hmm, now it’s confirmed, the door is tightly shut.”

Song Ren felt frustrated looking at the chubby Wedge around the corner.

After escorting Wedge back to his house, it turned out the chubby guy was a cat lover, and Cloud seemed to be a little afraid of cats.

This made Song Ren feel as if a door to a new world had opened.

Returning to Jessie's doorstep, the scene triggered: as the door opened, Jessie walked out holding a Materia.

“Thanks, all-purpose helper!”

“And a special reward!”

As Jessie's words fell, she rushed forward and hugged Cloud tightly.

Cloud appeared somewhat awkward in the face of Jessie's enthusiasm.

“I get it, you can let go now.”

“Then come find me tomorrow night; my roommates don't seem to be home!”

???????

What audacious remarks are those?

Song Ren's eyes widened.

Although Jessie later clarified that she simply wanted to invite Cloud and the others to her place for pizza.

But Jessie's attitude was highly suspect!

Connecting it with her behavior in the tunnel earlier.

So, can good looks truly let you get away with anything?

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>