Chapter 615: Three Protagonists, Three Directions (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

As the game's story progressed, Song Ren basically understood the gameplay and settings of *Detroit: Become Human*.

There were three different protagonists in the game: Markus, Kara, and the young man Connor, who appeared first. None of the three protagonists were human; they were androids. At the same time, their identities were completely different. Connor was a new model sent by CyberLife to the police to assist in investigating deviant androids. Markus, on the other hand, was a rare model given by CyberLife to a famous old painter to care for his daily life. Kara was a common, mass-produced android. Different identities and different roles led to different gaming experiences.

Among them, Connor, as the 'face value' character, was clearly the most engaging role among the three protagonists. Because Connor needed to investigate various cases, and when participating in investigations, he would need to negotiate, search for various clues at the scene to analyze and reconstruct exactly how the androids killed humans, and additionally, track down and arrest escaped androids.

As an android, his mission was to side with the human faction. In the first case investigating an android killing its owner, Connor had a human police partner named Hank. However, it seemed this Officer Hank was not very easy to get along with. The first time the player encountered him, he had skipped work to watch a football game at a bar, making Connor search for a long time to find him, and his attitude towards androids was also not very good.

As for conducting the investigation, Captain Hank was basically just a bystander, not doing much. The main clues were all found by Connor.

“Simply put, he’s the spectator whose job is to let Connor show off, right?” In the little room, Song Ren controlled Connor as he investigated the information. Looking at Hank, who was patting staff on the shoulder, glancing into cabinets, wandering around, and finally stopping by the corpse, Song Ren felt he pretty much understood Hank's purpose.

However, as the investigation progressed, Song Ren frowned. In the first deviant android case he handled with Connor, he didn't feel sorry for the deviant android. But this second case was different, because from the clues in the room, it seemed the deviant android who killed the human had actually been subjected to cruel abuse and beatings.

Even in the end, when Connor gathered clues and found the hidden android on the second floor, he could clearly see the terror in its eyes.

‘I… I just wanted to defend myself. He was going to kill me! Please… don’t tell them.’

Looking at the pleading android, Song Ren in the game wanted to control Connor not to expose its whereabouts, but in the next second, Connor in the game spoke directly.

‘Captain Hank, he’s here!’

Watching the desperate android and the determined Connor, Song Ren in the game couldn't help but sigh. This truly was cold and ruthless Connor-chan!

However, compared to the seemingly cold and ruthless Connor, the other two androids, Markus and Kara, seemed much more human.

Unlike Kara, who encountered a terrible owner, Markus was much luckier. His owner was an old painter named Carl. Unlike Todd's cruel treatment of Kara, Carl didn't treat Markus as a servant or a mere robot. In fact, their relationship was more like that of a father and son. Carl often spoke philosophical words to Markus. For example, in his art studio, Carl would even actively encourage Markus to paint, telling him to follow his feelings, not his programming.

Carl would also say some philosophical things to Markus, and one particular quote that Song Ren remembered deeply was:

‘Someday, I won't be able to take care of you anymore. You’ll have to protect yourself, make your own decisions… decide who you are, or who you want to become.’

‘The world doesn’t like people who are different, Markus… don’t let anyone tell you who you should be.’

However, although Markus's owner Carl was very kind, he had a worthless son, Leo. He constantly badgered Carl for money, and his attitude towards Markus was extremely nasty, which greatly annoyed Song Ren. This made Leo his second most hated character so far. As for the first? That was naturally Kara's owner, Todd.

But the subsequent plotline for Kara made him thoroughly comfortable. One day at the dinner table, Todd once again flew into a rage for no reason, even hitting Alice.

Kara wanted to protect Alice, but Todd commanded her not to move. According to her programming, an android must obey its owner's commands. But this time was different.

Watching Todd, with a menacing look, chase Alice upstairs, a row of red data walls appeared before Song Ren. On it was the program commanding her not to move, and this was what restricted her existence.

Previously, whenever Song Ren wanted to make a defiant move, he would be forbidden by commands. But now, it was different.

In the world of virtual data, looking at the command program wall in front of her, Kara acted. This wall that prevented her from acting was broken. Kara became a deviant android. From this moment on, she was no longer bound by human commands; she had liberated her self-awareness.

Arriving on the second floor, unlike Connor's previous interrogations, Song Ren finally got to experience the game's action system. Unlike the QTE gameplay of his previous life, in this version developed by Chen Xu, players would have a more proactive mode.

For example, picking up a gun from the ground would trigger an ending where Todd is killed. Simply dodging Todd's attacks would trigger a subsequent storyline where Kara escapes with Alice. Similarly, if Kara was hit by Todd during the process and couldn't dodge in time, it would correspond to being beaten up and then escaping, or even different branching endings where she is directly killed.

In Song Ren's hands, Kara in the game took advantage of Todd preparing to pick up his belt to whip her, forcefully crashing into him and hitting his head against the wall, then seizing the opportunity to escape with Alice from a place that could not be called a home.

What a gratifying outcome! This was Song Ren's assessment of Kara's escape with Alice. He didn't want to stay in that house for another second!

However, compared to Kara's successful escape with Alice, Markus's fate was far more uncertain.

One evening, Markus returned home with Carl, only to find Leo, Carl's scoundrel son, preparing to steal his father's paintings to sell for money. A quarrel quickly ensued. Facing Leo's constant bullying, Markus, as an android, felt anger and injustice, and this anger and injustice caused him to break his barriers and become a deviant android.

But after this, neither choosing to resist nor to endure would lead to a good ending. If he chose to resist, Leo would be severely injured, and Markus would be shot by the arriving police and discarded in the Android Junkyard. If he chose to comply, Carl would die on the spot from a heart attack, and Markus would then still be shot by the arriving police.

It was from this point on that the entire game, which had previously made him feel a little frustrated, became even more captivating.

What kind of ending awaited Kara and Markus, now deviant androids? Was Markus truly dead? And would Connor, the investigator of deviant androids, eventually become an android himself? Many mysteries swirled in Song Ren's mind.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>