Chapter 658: The Old Riddler (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

As the influence of *World of Warcraft* continued to spread,

more and more rookie players also joined in succession.

Nearly two months had passed since its release.

The first batch of hardcore players had basically all experienced the joy of conquering the Molten Core raid dungeon.

At the same time, the team was also arranging some subsequent versions for *World of Warcraft*.

Of course, for most ordinary players, dungeons like Upper Blackrock Spire were no longer considered difficult.

However, raid dungeons were still often out of reach for many ordinary guilds, especially the Thunderfury that countless warriors yearned for.

Currently, only the most top-tier raid teams could even attempt it.

Inside Molten Core, Old Song was working with Zhang Yi and other team members to conquer it.

“NICE! We finally cleared it!”

“Raid leader, awesome!”

“Cleared! Finally cleared!”

As two colossal figures collapsed with a boom, a group of people in the team shouted excitedly.

Old Song, as the leader of the guild team, looked at the jubilant crowd, who were as lively as a festival, with a face full of black lines.

“What are you guys so happy about? We only just cleared two gatekeepers!”

Old Song looked at the excited people in the team and felt utterly speechless.

A bunch of useless people!

The game had been online for so long; he wouldn't even mention things like Thunderfury. As for the Tier 1 set, he didn't know when he'd ever gather all the pieces!

After taking down the two massive gatekeepers and experiencing continuous wipes, Old Song sighed, looking at his damaged equipment. He then disbanded this week's raid squad.

“Old Song, look on the bright side. This is a small step in dungeon progression, but a giant leap for our guild,” Zhang Yi comforted him from beside.

“Sigh, let's not talk about it. I'm going back to Crystal Lake to butcher some Murlocs to vent,” Old Song lamented.

This was something he often did when he was bored.

To this day, he still couldn't forget the first monster that took his first death when he first stepped into the world of Azeroth.

Murlocs must die!

“Don't farm Murlocs, Old Song! Look at the official Weibo account! Mr. Chen seems to have a new game!”

Just as Old Song was about to use his Hearthstone to return to the place where his dream began and bully some Murlocs,

Wang Han's voice suddenly came from the voice channel.

Old Song, who was preparing to return to the newbie village to bully Murlocs, paused but immediately opened the official Weibo account.

Many other ordinary players who had been following Chen Xu did the same.

'New game again?'

'Holy cow, so fast?'

'Not that fast, is it? Calculating the time, it seems about right. It's just that I've been grinding *World of Warcraft* every day, so I didn't notice the time.'

'But this new game seems a bit different. Cartoon art style? Could it be like *It Takes Two*?'

While *World of Warcraft*'s popularity maintained steady growth, the promotional CG for Chen Xu's new game arrived.

But upon clicking it, many players were taken aback.

Because at first glance, the art style of this brand-new game was surprisingly cartoonish.

It wasn't that no game developers made cartoon-style games, but most game developers would default to a more realistic art style for VR equipment.

This included Nebula Games. Although it had cartoon-style games like *Super Mario Odyssey*, *The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild*, and *It Takes Two*,

none of them were on the VR platform. This time, it could be said to be the first.

So, when the promotional CG was released, players were very curious about what kind of game this would be.

………………

At the beginning of the video, Nebula Games' LOGO flashed by.

Like the opening animation of *Uncharted*, it was set on a turbulent sea.

A small boat with a lantern hanging from its bow sailed across the ocean, slowly advancing towards a distant lighthouse.

The sky was pouring with rain, accompanied by strong winds and lightning.

'Bring me the girl, and our debt will be wiped clean. That's the agreement.'

The first-person perspective looked down, and a wooden box opened in front. Inside, there were two photos with indistinct faces and a handgun.

He picked up the handgun from the box, and at the same time, rain blurred his vision.

The camera suddenly moved to the clouds, and the game's title LOGO appeared: *BioShock*.

As the screen faded to black, a symphonic BGM played in the background. The scene shifted to a place resembling a library.

A short-haired girl in blue and white clothing held a book, looking warily at the camera.

'Who are you?'

'I am DeWitt. I'm one of you!'

As the scene flashed by, a look of panic appeared on the girl's face.

'He's coming. You… you should leave quickly!'

'Why?'

'You'll regret staying!'

Accompanied by the cry of a hawk, a colossal figure appeared outside the window.

Then the earth shook, and the entire building seemed to be on the verge of collapse.

As the camera shook, the scene switched.

In the darkness, a man grabbed a hand and ran forward.

'This is not a good place.'

'From now on, it will only get worse.'

In the dark scene, only the spot where the little girl stood was lit, and beside her was a scene resembling an operating room.

Red blood covered the floor, and behind her, an old man with an indistinct face sat motionless in a wheelchair.

'A girl in flames, this fire can burn the whole world.'

The next moment, the scene moved to a huge airship. An old woman with an indistinct face stood with her back to the camera, and the entire city was engulfed in war.

'Though I don't yet understand the details, the details won't change this damned outcome!'

This promotional video excited players, but also left them feeling a bit strange.

Although the game's art style was cartoonish, it was very beautiful, which wasn't what surprised players. Moreover, combined with the transition from bright to dark colors, it added a theatrical feel to the game.

What truly puzzled players was what kind of game this was exactly.

This short, minute-long promotional video didn't reveal much content to the players.

Every point had a little something, but no point was explored in depth.

It was, as always, the style of the old riddler.

If there was one thing that could be linked, it would be the steampunk theme.

The giant hawk robot, the massive machinery, and the airship that destroyed the city at the end – all these elements had clear steampunk characteristics.

As for other aspects, many players were simply bewildered.

“Did anyone understand this trailer?”

“Completely bewildered, Mr. Chen is such a riddler!”

“Isn't that normal? It's just a promotional trailer; what kind of information were you expecting it to reveal?”

“But I feel a bit creepy. The cartoon scenes at the beginning were really beautiful, but the dark scenes that appeared later scared the hell out of me.”

Facing this short, less-than-a-minute long promotional video, players discussed amongst themselves.

And they reached a unanimous conclusion: Chen Xu was simply an old riddler!

It was getting more and more excessive!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>