Chapter 523: Witcher, Do You Play Gwent? (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

After a brief moment of excitement, the game immediately launched into a simple battle. Since the difficulty selected was the second highest option, this fight against the Ghouls wasn't too difficult. What Song Ren found rather interesting was that he could use two swords. One was a Silver Sword, the other a Steel Sword. But as far as fighting Ghouls went, Song Ren felt the damage didn't seem to differ much. So he just used the Steel Sword.

Although the saying “silver for monsters, steel for men” sounded incredibly cool, Song Ren discovered a crucial point: the weapons and equipment in the game had durability. And as everyone knew, durable weapons could be repaired, and repairs cost money. He figured repairing the Steel Sword should be cheaper than the Silver Sword, right?

After dealing with the Ghouls, adhering to the core element of RPGs: looting. Song Ren thoroughly looted all the monster corpses. He collected a pile of miscellaneous materials, and though he didn't know what they were for, it couldn't hurt to carry them.

Following the game's guidance, Song Ren controlled Geralt and old Vesemir as they headed to a nearby place called White Orchard, searching for clues about Yennefer. On their way, Geralt and old Vesemir also rescued a merchant who had been attacked by a Griffin.

What Song Ren found rather striking was the game's depiction of its background and societal aspects. The location where Geralt currently was had once been the territory of a place called the Kingdom of Temeria, but it had now been destroyed by Nilfgaard. Yet, the local common folk still longed for Temeria. Aside from these political affairs, there was also the attitude of ordinary people towards Witchers.

Just as he pushed open the door to the White Orchard Inn, the common folk inside began chattering.

“What... a Witcher?”

“I don't want some mutant freak sitting next to me when I'm drinking.”

Damn it! Did a Witcher steal your rice?

Right after entering, Song Ren hadn't even had a chance to look for relevant quest NPCs when he heard complaints from some difficult commoners nearby. He hadn't had a direct understanding of how much ordinary people disliked Witchers before, but now he clearly understood. If I could draw my sword right now, I'd hack you all down and show you how powerful a Witcher is!

Listening to some NPCs whispering nearby, Song Ren's mouth couldn't help but twitch.

Next, controlling Geralt in the game, he approached the innkeeper. After conversing, once the innkeeper learned Geralt and his companions had saved her relative, she generously offered free food and drinks.

“Wait, wasn't the food and drink free? Why do things still cost money!?” After talking with the innkeeper, Song Ren, who had initially thought he could stock up, quickly became speechless.

Moreover, the materials he'd collected from defeating the Ghouls earlier, he noticed weren't worth much when sold. However, Song Ren found something interesting: in the shop interface, besides common consumables, he also saw some special cards, and there were quite a few varieties.

“What are these? Cards for enchanting, according to the game's description, but why are they so expensive? Do they have special effects, or are they for an in-game mini-game?” Looking at the cards, Song Ren speculated.

Of course, it was just a guess, as he didn't have much money on him at the moment.

He had a simple conversation with the innkeeper, but didn't get any useful information. Afterwards, Geralt asked others in the tavern about Yennefer.

Of course, it wasn't entirely pleasant. For instance, when asking locals for information, they simply didn't want to deal with Geralt due to his Witcher identity. Fortunately, Geralt in the game could use a Sign that could hypnotize and confuse enemies, obtaining some information from them. This, of course, filled the surrounding patrons with fear and disgust.

However, Song Ren didn't pay too much attention, after all, he'd been cursed at the moment he walked in, so he couldn't be bothered with the attitudes of these difficult commoners. As for this skill called Axii Sign, Song Ren felt it might be involved in later plotlines. For example, using this skill might allow him to avoid some battles, directly influence NPCs to do things for Geralt, or obtain information.

In addition, inside the inn, Song Ren obtained information from two other NPCs. One was a bald man named Gaunter O'Dimm. However, this NPC behaved quite mysteriously, even seeming somewhat omnipotent.

After Geralt described the person, the other party immediately called out the name of the person the White Wolf was looking for.

“Yennefer of Vengerberg?”

Although the other party claimed he only heard it from Master Dandelion's ballads, and that he was just an ordinary wanderer named the Master Mirror, Song Ren clearly felt that something was off.

Because the very next second, this person accurately identified Geralt, the White Wolf.

Nevertheless, Geralt still obtained some important information from him: Nilfgaard's garrison near White Orchard might know Yennefer's whereabouts.

After relaying the clue, the man drained his wine glass and walked away behind Geralt.

But the moment Song Ren controlled Geralt to turn around, the man had vanished without a trace.

“Holy cow! This guy is definitely suspicious!” Song Ren was completely certain.

At the same time, he had a hunch that this bald guy was definitely no good. From his voice acting and appearance in the game, Song Ren immediately thought of Micah from *Red Dead Redemption* back then; he was definitely not a good person!

Next, Song Ren focused on another NPC, and went forward to talk.

What surprised Song Ren was that this NPC didn't show any discrimination towards Geralt's identity as a Witcher. The other party was a professor from a place called Novigrad, and he appeared quite naive, wanting to document the battles related to the Nilfgaardian Empire's invasion on the battlefield and compile them into a book.

Geralt, the White Wolf in the game, kindly warned this non-discriminatory NPC, stating that traveling alone in such chaotic times was very dangerous, and even a pair of Shoes could bring about one's demise.

When it was confirmed that this NPC didn't know Yennefer's information, Song Ren was about to control Geralt to leave and search for news about the Nilfgaardian garrison, but then the other party spoke.

“Witcher, wait. I think you're a man of the world, do you play Gwent?”

Seeing the UI pop-up window appear on the screen, Song Ren had an epiphany.

Clearly, this was not a story NPC, but rather a tutorial NPC, or specifically, a mini-game tutorial NPC.

And what he was teaching was this mini-game called Gwent.

But what was Gwent? A mini-game created by the game itself? Song Ren was slightly surprised.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>