Chapter 495: Suffering (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

After dying and respawning at the lantern, Song Ren's mouth twitched uncontrollably as he watched his previously collected Blood Echoes vanish to zero.

What is the most terrifying thing in Souls-like games?

Encountering monsters, or getting lost?

Neither!

The most terrifying thing is being in a confined space, surrounded by a group of minor mobs.

The so-called three dogs stuffing the Lord of Cinder from the previous Dark Souls game weren't kidding.

And in the game Bloodborne, this rule is clearly still followed. No matter how strong the Hunter, a group of mobs will still make you perish.

“I wonder when I'll get a shield, this gun really isn't useful at all.” Respawning again from the lantern, Song Ren couldn't help but sigh with emotion.

At this moment, he deeply missed the shields in Dark Souls. Although wielding a Hunter Axe in one hand and a Hunter Pistol in the other looked very cool, the crucial point was that it offered no sense of security!

Sighing, he continued to retrace his previous path. As expected, just like lighting a bonfire in Dark Souls, returning to the lantern in Bloodborne respawned all the monsters on the path.

The mobs along the way didn't cause Song Ren any trouble. When he reached the stairs again, this time he was smarter. He temporarily hid above and didn't go down, waiting for the monsters to slowly patrol forward. Only after they passed did Song Ren descend from the staircase.

Behind this group of patrolling people was a door, leading to the large gate on the first floor after exiting Iosefka's Clinic, clearly a shortcut. However, what caught Song Ren's attention was that in the alley next to this large iron gate, there was another胖乎乎 Great Axe Guy, an obvious elite monster.

Looking at the Great Axe Guy pacing back and forth inside, Song Ren watched for a moment, then smiled. He switched his axe to its long-handled mode.

“Bailing out, bailing out…”

Without any intention of probing, Song Ren simply chose to chicken out. He thought back to the Bugatti Veyron in the Cemetery of Ash, and Havel below the sentry tower in Undead Burg Outskirts. The Great Axe Guy in front of him, judging by its appearance, was definitely an elite monster. Moreover, he was in a competition with Old Zhang, so he wasn't going to deliberately seek abuse. Thus, he decided to cowardly chicken out.

Song Ren continued forward.

In the town of Yharnam, dangers lurked everywhere. In the direction the patrol team had advanced earlier, a bonfire gathering was being held, perhaps to welcome outsiders like Song Ren. Many fire pillars could be seen, and upon closer inspection, it was revealed that these fire pillars were actually wooden crucifixes, with firewood stacked at the bottom burning, and werewolves tied to them. Unlike the werewolf encountered at Iosefka's Clinic, these werewolves were severely beast-transformed, covered entirely in black fur, with sharp claws and teeth faintly visible. Song Ren also noticed that the Yharnamites carrying torches showed signs of beast transformation; some had black fur growing on their heads and faces, and some even had entire arms that had transformed into a wolf's. Combined with some of the previous storyline, this made Song Ren speculate. Could it be Yharnam's so-called blood ministration that caused this beast transformation? And are the Hunters meant to hunt these beastly monsters?

Song Ren had many questions.

However, despite his confusion, one thing was clear: don't expect to understand the entire story before clearing the game. This is also a characteristic of Souls series games; the entire plot is puzzle-like, requiring players to piece it together bit by bit. And this is also the charm of Souls-like games.

Song Ren hadn't yet understood the story, but the only thing he knew for sure was that these Yharnam villagers, who looked like farmers wielding pitchforks and other farm tools, as well as axes and other weapons, were just too enthusiastic.

Yharnam's way of treating outsiders was very special.

Returning to the lantern once more, Song Ren recalled what Gilbert had said earlier in front of that house. The 'Undead Burg, a town with simple folk' and the 'Wyvern Bridge with unique scenery' were famous scenes in Dark Souls. Now, Song Ren felt that the people of Yharnam were no worse than those places. Here, many Yharnamites would give Song Ren, the outsider, the most enthusiastic hospitality. They would invite him to a bonfire gathering, and fearing he might be cold, they would poke him with torches. Yharnamites lying on the ground would rise to greet him as he passed. Whenever he rounded a corner or passed a cart, a Yharnamite would rush out to offer him their sincerest greetings. Even the little dogs and crows in Yharnam would kindly dance with him. Even the old man in the wheelchair, upon seeing him, the outsider, would affectionately offer him a peanut.

The only thing Song Ren couldn't quite handle was that every time he received a 'kind greeting,' he had to return to the lantern.

“These Yharnam villagers are just too enthusiastic, I can't quite handle it!” Song Ren exclaimed.

Of course, while most Yharnamites were quite enthusiastic, it's a big world, and there are all kinds of people. There were also many Yharnamites who were full of malice towards Song Ren, the outsider. When Song Ren, the outsider, wanted to stay for the night, they would sternly shout:

“'Who would believe an outsider like you!'”

“'Give up, I won't open the door for you!'”

“'Despicable outsider, leave quickly, don't even think about tricking me into opening the door for you!'”

“'Despicable outsider, who would open the door for you on the night of the hunt!'”

Having wandered in Yharnam for quite some time, Song Ren couldn't help but complain when he heard these people. Despicable outsider? Although Song Ren really wanted to ask, who exactly was playing dead in Yharnam? Who was ambushing players in Yharnam? Who was doing pincer attacks in Yharnam? And who was ganging up on him at the bonfire gathering! Calling him a despicable outsider, doesn't your conscience hurt?

Song Ren took many detours in Yharnam, but what puzzled him was that he still hadn't found a second lantern. Furthermore, the entire style of Yharnam remained the same: clever monster placement, various traps full of malice. The map had clear layering; Yharnam was divided into many levels, including areas with elevators and sewers. And in the sewers, the werewolves wielding scythes and spears had significantly higher aggression and damage compared to the previous Yharnam villagers. Also, on a large bridge leading to another area, Song Ren saw two werewolves. However, these werewolves were not the weaklings from Iosefka's. At first, Song Ren confidently charged forward, only to be scratched to death by two claws. And these two werewolves had much higher aggression and health.

The only thing that made Song Ren happy was finding a Hunter Set on a corpse in the sewer. It was the same clothing the Hunter wore in the promotional video, and its stats were better than what he currently had. Of course, this was only on paper. In Dark Souls, changing into stronger armor meant going from dying in two hits to three hits. But in Bloodborne, Song Ren found that the werewolf that used to slap him twice still slapped him twice, even with a change of clothes.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>