Chapter 4 Helper

Chen Xu's old face couldn't help but redden upon hearing Ruan Ningxue's words.

In an instant, however, Chen Xu recomposed himself, lightly coughed to diffuse the awkward atmosphere, and then began to think of excuses.

"Well, this... it's mainly due to multiple reasons..."

Ruan Ningxue, sitting across the table, couldn't help but purse her lips.

A man's mouth, a deceiving devil!

"However, I can accept all the conditions you mentioned, but in return, I also have one request!"

Ruan Ningxue said, looking at Chen Xu with a beaming smile.

Hearing this, Chen Xu was momentarily stunned.

He was still wondering how to persuade her.

Approaching her, Chen Xu didn't actually have much confidence initially; he just wanted to give it a try.

After all, he knew his own situation. Money?

He certainly couldn't produce any now. If he did, he wouldn't be able to make the game later.

After all, there were still some essential resources he needed to purchase.

Relying on the junior-senior relationship?

But she wasn't related to him, nor did she have an obligation to help him. Besides, it sounded suspiciously like drawing a big pie.

But now, there's a chance?

"What's your request, senior sister?" Chen Xu asked Ruan Ningxue.

"One month's time, and if your game's sales aren't good afterward, you'll have to come work for me!"

"At least two contracts! Of course, in terms of compensation, I certainly won't be thinking of freeloading off your labor like you, junior."

Ruan Ningxue said with a smile.

Hearing Ruan Ningxue's words, Chen Xu was stunned for a moment, then came back to his senses.

As for doujinshi, Chen Xu didn't have too many thoughts. After all, in his previous life, there were quite a few female doujinshi artists.

For example, 'Yuzuki N', 'Nishizawa 5', *cough, cough*... Actually, Chen Xu didn't know any of these artists or their works, let alone seen them; he'd only heard about them from friends.

"So what kind of sales would be considered 'not good'?" Chen Xu asked Ruan Ningxue, having regained his composure.

If she were to mention sales in the millions, Chen Xu truly wouldn't have much confidence.

After all, this was a Parallel World, vastly different from the game environment of his previous life.

Although the factor of piracy was gone, the market itself was also different from his previous life.

Without capital for promotion and operation, relying solely on organic word-of-mouth from players would be extremely difficult.

Including highly acclaimed Independent Games from his previous life that sold millions, even tens of millions of copies.

But upon closer inspection, it would be found that many of these games only became popular half a year to a year later.

They were all largely unknown at first.

Even powerful titles like The Binding of Isaac were largely unknown in their early stages.

After all, even good wine fears a deep alley.

So, if Ruan Ningxue mentioned a million copies in sales, Chen Xu felt he'd rather go it alone.

Because if he agreed, the game he was currently planning to make would most likely lead him to become a doujinshi artist.

"Eh... 100,000, um, 50,000 then!"

"Within 1 month after release, if sales don't exceed 50,000, then you lose!"

Ruan Ningxue took out her phone, seemingly sending a message.

After about a minute, Ruan Ningxue looked up and stated a number.

Hearing Ruan Ningxue's words, Chen Xu couldn't help but reveal a confident smile.

50,000 sales in one month?

Even though the game environment was slightly different from his previous life, and he didn't have much start-up capital.

But regarding this number, Chen Xu could only say it was an absolute giveaway.

"No problem." Chen Xu agreed straightforwardly.

"Then, senior sister, let's officially start tomorrow! I'll go back to do some preparation work first. See you tomorrow morning!"

After saying that, he waved goodbye to Ruan Ningxue, not giving her time to react.

Chen Xu simply turned and left the coffee shop.

Leaving behind only a still slightly dazed Ruan Ningxue.

Did I... perhaps say too little?

Thinking this, Ruan Ningxue quickly opened her contacts, found a phone number, and dialed it.

After two seconds, the other party connected.

"Sister Xin, you weren't tricking me just now, were you? Are 50,000 sales in 1 month really considered very high?" Ruan Ningxue wondered, recalling Chen Xu's confident demeanor just now.

A crisp female voice came from the phone: "No, it's not high, but that's relative. Weren't you asking how many sales would be considered high if someone was making a game for the first time and didn't have much money?"

"No money, first-time game maker, and hardly any engine resources available to a Game Designer—this is practically a hell-mode start! 50,000 sales would be S-rank difficulty. A few thousand sales in 1 month would be considered passing."

"Really?" Ruan Ningxue was skeptical.

"Of course, it's true. This is the judgment of a professional Gaming Industry Professional!"

"By the way, Xiaoxue, are you planning to make a game? Have you thought it through? I told you, if you come and help me with original art design and character illustrations, we can definitely make a big splash!"

Yang Xin on the other end of the phone sounded extremely excited.

"Sister Xin, Sister Xin? What are you saying? The signal here isn't good, let's talk later!"

Hearing the excited voice from the other end of the phone, Ruan Ningxue's expression subtly changed. She held the phone further away, said a couple of words, hung up, and then let out a long breath.

Then, recalling what Yang Xin had said on the phone, Ruan Ningxue couldn't help but smile.

First-time game developer, no money, hell-level difficulty—all these labels were now firmly attached to Chen Xu.

So, the problem of finding her own helper was finally solved!

The only slight regret was that this helper wouldn't officially start for another two months.

After bidding Ruan Ningxue farewell, Chen Xu returned to his apartment.

After tidying up his room simply, Chen Xu sat in front of his desk, looking at his laptop.

As a development machine, the computer's configuration was decent, at least sufficient for the Mirror (Game) project.

Of course, Chen Xu was currently completely unable to develop larger games.

Because he simply had no money, and his resource permissions for the official engine were insufficient.

As for resource permissions, there were essentially two ways to upgrade them.

The first was to become an officially certified Game Designer and advance one's Job Title.

As for how to advance?

Game sales and awards received were all points that could be included in the evaluation.

The second way was much simpler and more direct: directly use Money Power. How many resources you could use depended on how strong your Money Power was.

However, none of these things were important to Chen Xu at the moment.

Moreover, a game like Mirror (Game) wouldn't require much.

At least the resources Chen Xu could currently use were definitely sufficient.

Sitting in front of the computer, Chen Xu worked on the initial draft for Mirror (Game), which was the game design document.

Although Chen Xu was the only developer, Ruan Ningxue was only handling illustrations.

But that didn't mean Concept Drafts weren't needed.

Just like an outline for an essay, it could greatly improve efficiency.

(End of this chapter)