Chapter 32: Why Did It Suddenly Get Spooky?

As the two doctors, a man and a woman, conversed, Dong Zhen could finally enter the playable interface.

The simple yet somewhat sarcastic dialogue, including the bickering between the doctors when they approached a squirrel, was quite detailed.

"The details in this game feel pretty good, the dialogues are all very meticulous, exactly like the previous *Undertale*. Very, very detailed," Dong Zhen commented, controlling his character.

For example, when they saw a signpost, they would even complain, wondering if a sign left in the mountains wouldn't be stolen.

The dialogues were a bit humorous, and also made him, the streamer, feel a little out of a job.

Because that kind of commentary was usually his job.

Goodness gracious, if the game characters did all the complaining, what was left for him?

"Is it a story-driven game? It seems a bit too bland, doesn't it?" Dong Zhen was somewhat curious.

Aside from moving a stone-like object in the middle, the entire game's progression seemed to involve nothing more than walking and simple conversations. There was nothing particularly special about it.

*Undertale* at least had simple bullet-hell combat sequences, after all.

The only truly good part was the game's music.

From *Mirror (Game)* to *Undertale* and now *To the Moon*, the music was truly well-composed.

As for the graphics, *To the Moon*, created by Chen Xu, had indeed seen some improvements compared to the pixel art of RPG Maker in his previous life.

But it could only be described as average; it was clearly far from outstanding.

While Dong Zhen mused to himself, Doctors Neil and Eva in the game arrived at their destination, a large mansion.

Upon their knock, a middle-aged woman opened the door. According to the introduction, this woman was named Lily.

She was the one who usually cared for the elderly Johnny, and the two children previously playing the piano in the room were her daughter and son.

After speaking, Lily led the two doctors upstairs.

Meanwhile, in the downstairs room, the two children briefly squabbled over who got to play the piano, then sat side-by-side and began playing.

It was the same piano piece played before the two doctors' car crash.

