Chapter 122: Players Questioning Life Itself

It wasn't just Song Ren, Zhang Yi, and Wang Han; all the other players who got their hands on *Dark Souls* immediately felt a sense of bewilderment.

They even wondered if there was something wrong with how they had opened the game.

Because it was simply too malicious!

Players experiencing *Dark Souls* basically went through four different stages of emotional change.

First, there was the excitement before entering the game, filled with joy and wanting to pass on the so-called "fire of hope" to become a Firelinker.

Then they encountered the Crystal Lizard and Gundyr the Ash, and were thrashed into bewilderment.

After choosing to persevere and finally defeating Gundyr the Ash, players were filled with confidence and had new expectations for their future Firelinking journey.

Finally, they arrived at the High Wall of Lothric, where they thoroughly began to doubt life itself.

Because after reaching the High Wall of Lothric, players completely understood the game's tone.

That is, except for the Gem Crystal Bug, affectionately dubbed "Porsche" by players, any hostile unit in the game that could move was capable of taking a player's life.

Although you could easily kill mobs in the game; usually it took only three, four, or five hits per mob.

But similarly, mobs could do the same to you.

In the game, you were as fragile as glass, shattering with a single touch.

Of course, if you wore a full set of armor, it would be much better.

Because there was a plastic bag wrapped around that layer of glass.

In short, any monster in this game could take your life.

Even seemingly the easiest Hollows to deal with in the game.

But if you faced two or three at once, and weren't skilled, they could leave you dead in the street.

Furthermore, players could fully experience the sheer malice brought by the game's Level Design.

Just as you defeated a small group of enemies and happily advanced, a Hollow wielding a short sword would charge at you around the next corner.

When you saw only one monster ahead and thought nothing of it, some other mobs were actually hidden in a corner, waiting to ambush you.

Besides, what countless players found even more outrageous was that the first treasure chest they saw in the High Wall of Lothric turned out to be a Mimic.

It could be said that almost all players lost their precious lives when they encountered this fellow.

And there were many similar scenarios in the game.

The fire-breathing wyvern on the bridge, the Lothric Knights in the corridors, the Pus of Man on the rooftops, and the Spear Knights in the rooms.

Finally, in the courtyard filled with corpses, there was also a fat big brother, the Winged Knight, wielding a great axe, teaching players what cruelty meant.

Of course, players who started playing in the second batch were luckier, because the game had a system of in-game messages and bloodstains.

Players could leave messages in certain areas to warn later players.

At the same time, bloodstains would appear on the ground where players had recently died, serving as a warning to those who came after.

Players who reached the treasure chest room later, seeing the ground full of blood, would naturally be wary.

But for new players embarking on early-game progression, there wasn't such good luck.

Everything they faced was unknown.

Of course, these 'veteran' players would also proactively leave messages.

It's just that some of them were true, and some were false.

For example, in the treasure chest room, players who had suffered before would leave a tip: "Beware of Treasure Chest." Players who saw this warning afterward would then be slightly wary of the chest inside.

However, some more mischievous players would leave an ambiguous hint, such as "There's a great treasure in the chest."

Although messages had a like and dislike function, sometimes it was of little use.

For such hints, some impatient players who didn't think too much would naturally follow in the footsteps of those before them.

On the other hand, the message system was also one of the main reasons many players persevered in Dark Souls.

Because through it, they could know that they weren't the only ones suffering continuously in this world.

This could be considered a human trait: if you endure hardship alone, your endurance capacity significantly decreases, and you feel very lonely.

But if you knew that someone else was suffering with you, and some were even worse off.

Then you could persevere instead.

Of course, while finding solace for their minds, none of the hardships to be endured could be avoided.

In the game, monsters you thought you could defeat, you might not be able to defeat.

And monsters you thought you couldn't defeat, you definitely couldn't defeat.

Furthermore, the part of the game that made players feel most broken.

That was, monsters that they had just painstakingly killed would all respawn as soon as they teleported or rested at a bonfire.

And the souls on their person, which were both currency and experience.

What were good things in other ARPG games, many players felt became a burden in *Dark Souls*.

When they had a considerable amount of souls but didn't meet the conditions to level up.

At this point, it felt like a heavy burden.

Because all of them would drop upon death, and if they died again midway, it would all be for nothing!

After many players suffered a painful physical and mental blow in Lothric, they would return to Firelink Shrine to admire the Fire Keeper's figure, imagining her stunningly beautiful face behind the metal blindfold.

Listening to the Fire Keeper's gentle lines in the game, the motivation to Link the Fire immediately surged.

The only thing that annoyed players was the Uchigatana Guy, Old Wang Next Door, outside the Firelink Shrine.

And inside the Firelink Shrine, there was also the Crestfallen Warrior, squatting by the stairs, spreading negative energy every day.

So, individual players, whose emotions had exploded from being tormented, saw the Crestfallen Warrior still spreading negative thoughts and went up to him with two slashes.

"If you don't Link the Fire, then don't Link the Fire, but why spread negative thoughts every day?!"

"He couldn't beat Old Wang Next Door with the uchigatana outside, but this Crestfallen Warrior couldn't be dealt with either?"

After three slashes, he became hostile, and then players discovered that, damn it, he really couldn't be dealt with.

Rolling, drinking Estus Flasks, parrying—this Crestfallen Warrior was proficient in everything.

Looking at the bewildered players, the Crestfallen Warrior also revealed a sinister grin: "I heard you call me Crestfallen Warrior, didn't you? Today I'll let you know that 'Crestfallen Warrior' actually has another interpretation!"

Moreover, once he became hostile, players didn't even have a chance to repent; they would be hunted down as soon as they appeared in Firelink Shrine.

"What? You say it's a misunderstanding?"

"Once, a slip of the hand; twice, mischievous hands; but you continuously slashed three times and tell me it's a misunderstanding?"

"Come! Dance street dance with me!"

Besides, although the Blacksmith and the old woman selling items wouldn't become hostile if attacked, they would respawn later.

But Uncle Blacksmith would directly refuse to serve players, and after killing the old woman once, she would still sell items, but the price would be...

Although it was possible to atone with souls in the sewers of later maps.

But current players had no idea.

Of course, even if they knew, it wouldn't be much use. Not to mention whether they could even get there now, the souls needed for atonement were a pain they couldn't even bring up.

Many players, in despair, deleted their save files because of this.

If it had been at the very beginning, it would definitely have been a quit-inducing setting.

But for players who had already defeated Ash Judgment Gundyr and arrived at Firelink Shrine, a certain attribute had essentially awakened quietly within them.

Although despairing, it also gave them a very strange feeling.

After all, being able to attack NPCs and trigger subsequent reactions was quite rare in other games.

Of course, besides players who had awakened a certain attribute, there were also many players who had eagerly prepared to Link the Fire but were then "taught a lesson" and quit the game, venting their anger on the forum communities.

"Damn it, damn it, Chen Xu is literally retaliating against the world! The malicious difficulty of this Dark Souls game is simply unbelievable!"

"+1, players who don't like masochism, definitely don't buy it! I'm completely broken!"

"I originally thought it was a hack-and-slash game, and I wasn't wrong! Except the monsters were doing the hacking and slashing to me!"

"Though it's an old meme, I still have to say, 'Warrior of Love' hehehehehe..."

Many players who had been tormented and quit the game spoke up to warn those who hadn't bought it yet.

However, some players refuted these comments.

The idea of these players was simple: just like with *Outlast* in the past, they hoped more people would get into the game and experience the suffering they had endured.

Of course, some players weren't simply fooling around or tricking others.

These players, who had already developed a certain special attribute, were truly attracted by *Dark Souls'* art design, mysterious world-building, and intense and thrilling BOSS battles.

"Honestly, the Nebula Games Platform tag for *Dark Souls* already states it's high difficulty. Compared to typical ARPGs, it is indeed a bit hardcore, but don't exaggerate it like that, alright?"

"Exactly, when did Mr. Chen ever say this was a hack-and-slash game? Didn't he say it mainly depends on the players themselves?"

"+1, for action games, all I can say is, those who know, know. If you don't know, there's nothing that can be done."

"Strongly recommend players come experience it, the Fire Keeper lady at Firelink Shrine is so beautiful! I solemnly declare her my wife!"

"Bro above, your wife is awesome!"

However, for now, players who were grumbling and disparaging the game still made up the larger portion.

(No need for broken bowls begging today, it's a robbery! Hand over your Monthly Passes and recommendation votes!)

(End of Chapter)