Chapter 480: Subsequent Plans and Curiosity About New Works (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

This year's Halloween and Double Eleven events can be said to have been very successful.

First, player activity increased, and second, sales of various games grew significantly.

Although many benefits were given out, they were all strictly calculated by the Finance and Marketing and Operations departments.

Moreover, thanks to the stimulation of various activities, countless players once again 'chopped off their hands'.

But it doesn't matter, as there will be more activities later to help players 'grow their hands back'.

During this period, *Resident Evil* also became the most talked-about game of the event.

However, unlike *Outlast* and *Silent Hill PT*, which delivered extreme fear, in the latter half, players focused more on the game's story and resource management gameplay.

Coupled with the DLC content, many players who embraced this type of horror gameplay became very curious about what would come next.

On Chen Xu's official Weibo account, these players were relentlessly asking questions.

“Seriously, will there be a sequel to *Resident Evil*? After playing through the whole thing, I feel like this game is constantly digging plot holes!”

“+1, I feel the same way. There are so many hidden details. Joe Baker has a notebook that reveals similar things happened long ago.”

“The news from Old Man Joe's DLC isn't as explosive as Chris's DLC. The reorganized Umbrella's predecessor, and The Alliance Corporation, these are huge plot holes! And what kind of organization is the BSAA, and what has Chris experienced? These are all huge plot holes!”

“Yeah, and it doesn't feel like Ethan and Mia are living happily ever after at the end; there must be some follow-up!”

“So, is Mr. Chen Xu even making grand promises for this horror game? Just after the game's release, he's already making promises for the next one?”

“I wonder if Mr. Chen Xu will give an explanation!”

The players online were eagerly discussing related topics.

Inside Nebula Games, Chen Xu looked at the content players were discussing online with a big smile.

Indeed, the players didn't disappoint him; it seemed they had fully noticed the deliberately hidden content.

“So, Mr. Chen Xu, will there really be a sequel?” Ruan Ningxue asked, quite curious.

Because the new project currently being developed within Nebula Games was certainly not a sequel to *Resident Evil*.

The gameplay was still unclear, but at least the art style was definitely different.

“Yes, Mr. Chen Xu, this game buried many major plot holes!” Yang Xin also asked Chen Xu curiously.

“Of course there will be a sequel. The plot holes in the game are also easter eggs for players,” Chen Xu said with a smile.

“So this is another case of making grand promises?” Meng Zuo's mouth twitched at the side.

Ever since joining Nebula Games, Meng Zuo had discovered the company's unique characteristics.

Aside from the explosively high work efficiency under Chen Xu's leadership, the biggest characteristic was 'making grand promises'.

And each year's promises were more outrageous than the last.

Previously, when making grand promises, the project was already under development; for example, promotional videos were already being made or were finished.

Later, when making grand promises, a new folder had just been created.

And now?

Now, there was no need to even consider creating a new folder for these promises; there wasn't even an embryonic form of a plan!

“How can giving players something to look forward to be called making grand promises?” Chen Xu coughed lightly a couple of times.

Regarding the *Resident Evil* series, Chen Xu's plan was to be just as uncompromising as with *Assassin's Creed*.

As for why Ethan's story was released first, instead of Chris from the mansion of his previous life, or Leon from the Raccoon City Police Department.

It was mainly decided by the worldview. In his previous life, Umbrella was the root of all evil anyway.

Regardless of what was right or wrong, as long as there was blame, it could just be thrown at Umbrella.

But what about Umbrella's origin?

That was a mystery, until the appearance of *Resident Evil 7* and *8*, which traced the origin of Umbrella.

Of course, setting the origin aside, *Resident Evil* still had a vast worldview and countless major plot holes that Capcom hadn't filled.

One could count innumerable ones with eyes closed, such as the organization that hired Auntie Wang, and that family in *Resident Evil 6*.

Which organization, which family?

They only had the codenames 'Organization' and 'Family'!

So Chen Xu also planned to start with Ethan's story, to better introduce Umbrella, Chris, and later Leon.

Facing the players' various expectations, Chen Xu didn't play dead but responded.

However, the content of his reply made many players wish they could rush into Nebula Games and have a real-person PK with Chen Xu.

The reply on the official Weibo account was very simple:

'Regarding a *Resident Evil* sequel, there are no corresponding plans for now, but in the not-too-distant future, Ethan may once again bring his legendary story.'

It very straightforwardly told players that there were definitely no plans for a sequel right now, but there might be one in the future. As for how long that 'future' would be? They would just have to guess.

This left many players speechless.

If you have no plans for a sequel in the short term, why did you dig so many plot holes? And what was that final video, which looked exactly like a sequel trailer?

Facing the players' 'concerned greetings,' Chen Xu was now very accustomed to it. He chuckled at the players' comments, then turned off his phone, stretched, and looked at Qin Yi and Ruan Ningxue beside him.

“Next, besides the art content for the new project, the collaboration and updates for the VR theme park can be put on the agenda.”

“Also, there's something else I want to tell you, though you probably already know: the construction of the new headquarters is going smoothly. In about two years, we'll be moving to a new workplace, and this time, we won't be moving again easily,” Chen Xu said with a smile.

Over the years, Nebula Games had continuously expanded and grown, with many studios overseas. Domestically, besides Modu, there were local branches in Imperial Capital, Jinling, and other places.

The plan to build a headquarters had actually been on the agenda for a long time, including the corresponding bidding, which had basically been finalized. There had been news online for a while, but in the gaming industry, especially among players, it hadn't caused much of a stir. After all, wasn't it normal for a company of Nebula Games' scale to build a headquarters?

Although, judging from the information released at the time, the scale of this headquarters was quite large.

The main reason was that this time, in addition to employee offices, there were other plans.

That is, relevant technology R&D departments, such as those related to AI technology, would all be relocated there.

Besides that, there would also be a theme park open to players.

In recent years, Nebula Games' IPs had not only been active in the gaming sector but also in merchandise like comics, which had always been in operation.

Among them, *Minecraft* was arguably the most outstanding, and with Nebula Games' IPs, it could fully support a theme park plan.

Moreover, Nebula Games also needed an iconic landmark facing global players.

At the theme park, each of Nebula Games' IPs would have its place. Players could personally wander around Mount Massive Asylum, then enjoy a sumptuous dinner at the Baker family's farm in the evening, and even be offered special script experience projects, allowing players to truly role-play Ethan and experience a real-life, authentic Baker farm day trip.

Upon hearing Chen Xu's words, everyone excitedly began discussing, but this excitement quickly faded.

After all, it was still under construction, and the park construction site was currently not open to the public. As Nebula Games employees, they didn't know what it looked like yet.

Compared to the headquarters park, which was still a few years away, the new project at hand made them more curious.

Because so far, apart from the art requirements and knowing that the background might have something to do with the Cthulhu Mythos, everything else was completely unknown.

Well... it wasn't completely unknown. The character players would control in the game would probably be quite handsome; this could be glimpsed from the outfits provided.

With a mix of Steampunk and Victorian era styles, high top hats, trench coats, and capes, it was extremely cool.

And from the weapons, it looked very rich: hand axes, canes, meat cleavers, and hunting rifles were all available. This seemed to be an action game, and combined with the handsome styling, how cool would it be to play!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>