Chapter 694: The Consequences of Skipping Classes (Please subscribe for monthly passes)

“It feels like this money is even harder to get than in Dark Souls or Bloodborne!”

Zhang Yi looked pained. Compared to the souls and Blood Echoes carried in Bloodborne and Dark Souls, the money in Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, one could say, doesn't have such a strong presence. Because in Bloodborne and Dark Souls, the quantity of souls affects one's ability points, as souls can be used for leveling up. This is also one of the main functions of souls.

However, in Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, there is no concept of leveling up; instead, it's replaced by Gourd Seeds and Prayer Beads. As for Combat Memories that increase attack power, Zhang Yi understood where to get them after defeating Gyoubu Masataka Oniwa. Unlike Gourd Seeds and Prayer Beads, Combat Memories should be obtained by defeating notable, named BOSSes, such as Genichiro Ashina, the giant Guardian Ape, and the Divine Dragon shown in the promotional trailer. After killing monsters, in addition to getting money, a blue experience bar also increases. Like money, a portion of this blue experience bar is also deducted upon death. As for the so-called Unseen Aid, Zhang Yi simply ignored it. On one hand, as his death count increased, the chances of Unseen Aid became smaller and smaller. On the other hand, it was mainly due to his distrust of his own luck. Previously in World of Warcraft, Old Song's extremely unlucky streak overshadowed everyone else's presence. But in reality, his luck was also erratic, and he felt that this so-called Unseen Aid function wasn't very significant unless it was 100%. If you die, the money is discounted. He had learned the skill points, but keeping money was truly difficult. He had already spent 500 silver on Robert's Firecrackers, which he bought at the Shrine Handmaid's hilltop. The main reason was that money was really hard to keep. Although the store also sold Money Pouches, which could be considered a kind of bank, the key was that they weren't infinitely storable, and sometimes there would inevitably be overflows. This also left him carrying nearly two hundred Spirit Emblems, and Zhang Yi felt that these Spirit Emblems should be more than enough to get him through the game. But money, on the other hand, was really hard to come by.

Especially after he finished fighting Gyoubu, a Remnant Merchant he found nearby was also selling a Gourd Seed for 1000 pieces of money. It almost killed him; he had to sell everything he owned to scrape together that 1000 money. He repeatedly farmed mobs by Sculpter's Idols, selling the Pellets worth 20 money each, the Bundled Jizo Statue worth 100 money he picked up at Bamboo Slope, and all the Ash Lumps and Ceramic Shards worth a few money that he threw into the store, just to gather that 1000 money. Compared to the task of collecting money, Zhang Yi felt that fighting BOSSes was not that difficult, at least that was his feeling for now. He had only fought Gyoubu Masataka Oniwa in the arena about six or seven times. Although Gyoubu looked impressive and fierce on his horse, the pressure he put on Zhang Yi was not even as strong as the Purple-clad Shinobi he encountered at Hirata Estate three years ago. He even felt that the Chained Ogre was easier to deal with than this BOSS. At first, unfamiliar with his moves, the halberd attacks made it a bit difficult for him to parry. But after dying a few times and getting a bit familiar with it, Zhang Yi found this BOSS to be completely free. Riding out of the castle on a horse was impressive, but when this BOSS posed, he could get four or five free hits on him. Afterwards, his aggressive intent wasn't very strong; he just rode around on his big horse. When the distance widened, a grappling hook prompt would appear. Using the grappling hook to fly over, combined with a Grappling Hook Attack skill he learned in the Prosthetic Tool Skill Tree provided by the Sculptor, he could put the BOSS into a stun lock and get several more free hits. Also, the Robert's Firecrackers that cost him all his savings (500 silver) could also frighten Gyoubu's horse. The horse would stand still, and he could usually dodge Gyoubu's moves, then use the grappling hook when prompted. And he felt—though he wasn't sure if it was just his imagination—that Gyoubu was much squishier than previous BOSSes. Moreover, Kusabimaru cut into this BOSS's body differently from the previous generals; there was almost no Sword Clash. This meant that every hit was a solid strike on Gyoubu, just like cutting the Chained Ogre. After several consecutive rounds, Gyoubu had become a slain foe under his blade. By rationally using items and skills, Souls-like games have become too simple, haven't they?

It wasn't just Zhang Yi who felt this way; many players who had played Souls-like games and enjoyed studying such approaches were equally surprised by the differences in Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice. Many clever and astute players updated their strategies online as they played.

“Mr. Chen went a bit too far with Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice this time! It’s simply too easy!”

“Exactly, the Chained Ogre is practically a freebie; one deathblow with stealth, another with the Flame Vent. It feels like it lacks the sense of achievement from overcoming past challenges.”

“Yeah, and if you don’t care about Prayer Beads and Gourd Seeds, you can totally cheese these Samurai Generals and not fight them!”

“Couldn’t agree more. And Gyoubu Masataka Oniwa looked so formidable, but a single grappling hook subdued him completely.”

“Same here, there’s also a Blazing Bull in Ashina Castle; friendly reminder, firecrackers and explosives work wonders against it.”

“Right, all the BOSSes are weaklings; I actually think the mobs are the real bosses. That Purple-clad Shinobi from Hirata Estate three years ago, and the Tengu on the rooftops of Ashina Castle, and the Taro Troop are all ridiculously strong.”

Of course, many players also argued back.

“Who said that? Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice is incredibly difficult! I’ve done eight playthroughs of Dark Souls, but I’m still suffering trying to fight the Shinobi Hunter!”

“Exactly, the combat system is completely different. Although the sword clashing sounds great, I’ve seen those artistic 'YOU DIED' fonts countless times.”

“Thank goodness, Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice is different from the original Dark Souls in that it’s a VR version. Otherwise, one death, one cigarette—my body would suffer heavy damage, and so would my wallet.”

“Those who say it’s easy are just cheesing it!”

Regardless, for many players, Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice indeed felt much simpler than Dark Souls and Bloodborne. This was mainly due to the game's very reasonable level design and the extremely clear guidance provided. Coupled with the stealth kill mechanism, it allowed most players, as long as they weren't too clumsy or the type to just rush through without paying attention to the story and key information, to reach Ashina Castle relatively easily and smoothly. However, from this point on, many players who initially found the game simple gradually changed their minds as they progressed. At the same time, they also understood the consequences of skipping classes.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>