Chapter 136: New Mode Launched (Sixth Update, Requesting Subscriptions)

Chapter 136: New Mode Launched (Sixth Update, Requesting Subscriptions)

Chen Xu had not announced the overseas sales of Dark Souls.
However, Target Software, in order to better conduct subsequent promotional efforts for Dark Souls, proactively announced the game's first-week sales as a celebration after communicating with Chen Xu.
This news, naturally, also caused a stir domestically.

On the gaming industry forums.

“Dark Souls is selling really well overseas! Its momentum seems even stronger than domestically!”

“That's to be expected, isn't it? After all, media like GameSpot have already given it such high ratings.”

“Yeah, I never would have thought Dark Souls, a game that goes against the norm, could achieve such great results!”

“Indeed, this should be one of the best-performing domestic games overseas this year, right?”

“Not necessarily, TengHua and NetDragon's blockbusters are also about to launch soon.”

“Although Dark Souls' mode hasn't broken out of the ARPG framework, its gameplay settings and game philosophy are actually completely different from half of the ARPGs out there. Do you think Dark Souls' success is replicable?”

“It doesn't seem impossible. Players with masochistic tendencies don't seem to be few. If it's not just simply difficult, but difficult in a reasonable and structured way, I think even if it doesn't reach Dark Souls' achievements, it won't be too bad.”

“That makes sense. Plus, currently, besides Dark Souls, there are no other games of this type on the market. It feels like it has great potential!”

“While you're still discussing, smart people have already started researching and preparing to launch projects!”

Compared to industry designers who focus on whether Souls-like games can become a permanent genre, ordinary players are much simpler. They are purely happy that their favorite game has achieved excellent results.

More importantly, with such great results, isn't a sequel a sure thing?
From the few hints in Dark Souls, it's clear that a sequel has great potential!

“Have you heard? Dark Souls sold well overseas!”

“Yeah, and the ratings are very high, especially popular in Europe and America!”

“Haha, go to Pornhub and watch, there are many videos of foreign streamers being driven crazy by the game, they're really interesting.”

“Not only is it interesting, but it's like I found that feeling of playing Dark Souls for the first time again. Too bad my well-rounded build completely steamrolled the second and third playthroughs, and I can't find that feeling of death anymore.”

“Hey bro upstairs, don't be so quick to act like a lonely master. Clear a few more playthroughs, then let a monster take a swing at you and see.”

“But what I'm more concerned about is when the sequel will arrive. With such good sales, why isn't Chen Xu quickly getting the sequel out?”

“I'm not worried at all. Dark Souls' global sales of tens of millions should be secure. The key is when it will be released.”

“Do you even need to think about it? Maybe Chen Xu has already completed the design concept drafts for the Dark Souls sequel and is leading all employees to work overtime developing the new game!”

“Hehehe Fire Keeper... hehehe... my Fire Keeper...”

“Bro upstairs, your taste is too strong!”

......................

At this moment, Chen Xu was clearly not actively preparing a sequel as players imagined. Instead, he was currently slacking off.

Regarding Dark Souls' random mode, after Chen Xu communicated with Qin Yi, it was primarily Qin Yi and his team who were responsible.
Developing the new mode didn't take too long, basically less than a week.

The main workload was concentrated on testing, specifically the consequences of various BOSSes randomly appearing in different scenarios, and whether this would prevent players from continuing the game.
If it were a MOD from the Workshop, it naturally wouldn't need to be so detailed. If progress got stuck, players could simply exit the game, abandon that save file, and start a new one.
However, this mode was officially launched by Nebula Games, which meant it was part of the game's official content.
Therefore, if situations arose where players couldn't play smoothly, that would clearly be Nebula Games' responsibility.

So, this part had to be thoroughly tested before going online.

As for the new mode, players could customize it.
For example, they could choose to only randomize item drops, meaning the game's progression would remain the same as before.
Monsters and BOSSes would be identical, with no changes except for the items dropped after being defeated.

Players could also choose to only randomize enemy spawns, excluding some specific BOSSes, such as the Soul of Cinder at the Kiln of the First Flame and High Lord Wolnir in the Catacombs. All other enemies and BOSSes in the game would appear randomly.
It's possible that when you crawl out of the Cemetery of Ash, you might not face a group of Hollows, but instead a group of Black Knights, Outrider Knights, and Lothric Knights.

Of course, both options could be enabled for a thoroughly exciting game.
Players could then test whether they were playing "European Soul" or "African Soul."

......................

Without much fanfare, as if it were just a routine small update, Chen Xu announced the launch of Dark Souls' new mode on his official Weibo account.

As for the overseas version, it had already been handed over to Target Software.
After passing reviews in various countries, it could also go online.
Factoring in time differences, the latest it would be available was an interval of about three to four days.

Below Chen Xu's and Nebula Games' official Weibo accounts, the text content of this update was released.
Initially, players didn't pay much attention, thinking it was just simple adjustments to some numerical values and multiplayer modes.
But after seeing the update text, many players were a bit taken aback.

This update actually added a brand new mode to Dark Souls?

“Random Mode? What kind of update is this?”

“Uh, it randomizes all BOSSes, monsters, drops, and picked-up items in the game!”

“Does that mean the items on the game map and the items picked up won't be fixed, but random? So I might find a Dragonslayer Greataxe in the coffin in the Cemetery of Ash right at the start?”

“That sounds kind of interesting! Getting late-game equipment right at the start, wouldn't that make you invincible?”

“Invincible my foot! If your stats aren't high enough, getting that equipment is worse than not having it. Stamina drains super fast, and enemies' defense makes your weapon bounce easily.”

“What's there to be afraid of! Didn't you see the description? You'll be given souls at the start, and you won't need to level up at the Fire Keeper; you can upgrade directly at the bonfire. Clearly, it's prepared for 'European Emperors' like us!”

“This feels really interesting!”

With the update of the new mode, many players eagerly opened the update text, ready to see what this version had in store.
But after reading it, many Dark Souls players were quite excited.

During this time, many Dark Souls players had already started grinding high New Game+ cycles.
Especially some hardcore players, most of their weapons, equipment, and items had already been collected.
Apart from those high-level players who tirelessly continued to explore the world of Dark Souls,

some ordinary players who had cleared several playthroughs mostly just replayed a cycle occasionally, or engaged in PvP and "friendly fencing" with like-minded players.
Alternatively, they acted as Righteous Sun Knights, helping rookies who genuinely couldn't defeat certain BOSSes, fighting BOSSes together.

And this update clearly brought a new spark of interest to many players who had begun to feel a bit bored.
The content was still the same, but with this randomization, the variables in gameplay became much greater.

(End of chapter)