Chapter 28: To the Moon

"But the event is only in half a month or so! Can we make it in time?" Yang Xin expressed her doubts.

Although the registration deadline was early September.

However, the announcement had been released as early as June.

In other words, game publishers and producers targeting this Sci-Fi Game Design Competition had already begun developing their games two or three months ago.

"That's right, and for a sci-fi themed game, our current manpower should be far from enough, shouldn't it?" Ruan Ningxue also interjected.

After the development of Mirror (Game) and Undertale, Ruan Ningxue was no longer as ignorant as she once was.

Although a sci-fi game certainly wouldn't be a big production, with only three developers in the company and such a tight schedule, it would definitely be too late, right?

"Half a month is enough. This is a game with an even smaller scope than Undertale," Chen Xu said with a smile.

"A game with an even smaller scope than Undertale!?" Yang Xin and Ruan Ningxue looked at Chen Xu, a little dumbfounded.

Is Undertale excellent?

Naturally, it is.

Is Undertale's scope large?

Not at all.

But now, according to Chen Xu, this new game has an even smaller scope compared to Undertale?

What kind of game is it then?

"Even smaller than Undertale, can it still win a prize in the competition?" Yang Xin expressed her doubts.

Ruan Ningxue didn't speak, but looked at Chen Xu, waiting for his explanation.

"It's about participation, and winning a prize has nothing to do with scope. What truly matters is whether it can move players and judges," Chen Xu said with a smile.

Hearing Chen Xu's words, Yang Xin was speechless.

"So the new game is similar to Undertale, but non-META?" Yang Xin guessed, asking Chen Xu.

Half a month, and only three people in their development team.

In terms of genre, it could pretty much be guessed.

In such a short time, to develop a game, even by independent game standards, it would basically be a type like Undertale.

"Pretty much," Chen Xu nodded with a smile.

Regarding ideas for new games, there were actually many directions to choose from.

However, considering the current development and the corresponding points, an idea had already formed in Chen Xu's mind when he saw this event.

Looking at the curious Ruan Ningxue and Yang Xin, Chen Xu, seated, smiled and gave a simple description.

"In a future world, there exists a company that can, with the aid of special machines, enter people's memories and alter them."

"However, this artificial memory is not temporary but permanent, meaning that when the person who had the memory implanted wakes up, it will conflict with their true memories, leading to memory confusion."

"Therefore, this technology can only be applied to the dying, allowing those with regrets in life to fulfill their wishes by altering their memories, creating new lives and memories so that the patient dies without any regrets."

"The game's story begins with two employees of the company providing this service, Dr. Eva and Dr. Neil, working to fulfill the dying Johnny's lifelong dream: to go to the moon."

The game Chen Xu decided to make was called To the Moon.

Of course, it sounds very much like a sci-fi game.

But in reality, this game is a storytelling game, narrating the tale of a pair of lovers.

This is a game with a super small scope. In its previous life, this game was even made with a game engine tool called RPG Maker.

And the entire game has no combat content; its gameplay consists of story dialogue and puzzles.

Yet, such a simple game has moved countless players, truly a game that makes even tough guys cry.

And To the Moon has won countless accolades.

In GameSpot's Game of the Year awards in 2011, it surpassed major titles like Catherine and Portal 2, winning the Best Story award.

It also won multiple awards in the same year, including Metacritic Best Game and WIRED Best Game.

Additionally, it was highly nominated for Steam's "I Didn't Cry, There Was Just Something In My Eye" award in 2017.

Its producer, Kan Gao, even appeared on CCVT's program 'World, Listen to Me'.

For Chen Xu, choosing this game was, on one hand, because it had some sci-fi elements, making it suitable for participating in this event.

On the other hand, Chen Xu wanted to use this game to harvest a wave of Emotion Points from players.

After all, relying solely on Undertale and Mirror (Game) was a bit insufficient.

As for winning awards, Chen Xu could only say it was up to fate, as classifying To the Moon as a sci-fi title was still too far-fetched.

Its modest scope and unique ability to heal countless players were all reasons why Chen Xu decided to choose this game.

Of course, before this, Chen Xu had also considered notoriously difficult games like Jump King and Getting Over It.

But after some thought, he decided to give up on them.

Although these games were quite effective in terms of "shearing Emotion Points from players."

But the crucial point was the system's judgment: it only counted if players had made a purchase.

If one didn't have money, choosing these types of games was essentially a gamble.

Win, and get a luxurious spa treatment; lose, and carry heavy bags at the dock.

Of course, that's if you don't have money. If you do have money, with a little guidance and good marketing, these types of games can also become popular, phenomenal titles, especially since the live streaming industry in the Parallel World is very developed.

And these games could be considered standard live-streamable games.

But even if they were popular, if not many players played them, Chen Xu wouldn't be able to harvest Emotion Points.

Moreover, these games were truly a bit infuriating, and for the current Chen Xu, a good reputation was still very important.

So, after just a thought, he ruled out those games and chose To the Moon instead.

Good reputation and harvesting Emotion Points from players – it was truly killing two birds with one stone!

After briefly explaining the game to Ruan Ningxue and Yang Xin.

Chen Xu also returned to his office to write the concept drafts for To the Moon.

Although called concept drafts, it was essentially the writing of the core plot.

For this, Chen Xu also used a Memory Capsule to explore the deep memories in his mind.

As for the classic piano pieces from To the Moon, Chen Xu also wrote down the sheet music. With references, his current musical ability wouldn't have much trouble.

The rest were improvements, making the game's controls and visual presentation even better.

After all, the original To the Moon, being a pixel game made with RPG Maker, had its visual presentation and awkward controls as its biggest flaws.

And with the technology of the Parallel World, half a month was entirely sufficient for developing To the Moon.

(End of chapter)