Chapter 556: Super Mario Maker [Not] Mario the Wage Earner [Is] (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Chapter 556: Super Mario Maker [Not] Mario the Wage Earner [Is] (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

The online buzz surrounding Lady Dimitrescu and the blonde loli lasted for two days before gradually cooling down, replaced by a plumber uncle in a red hat.

This was because *Super Mario Maker* had launched.

Although the promotional short films for *Resident Evil: Village* and the wild shenanigans from NetDragon also made players aware of those games, it was still unknown when they would launch. Compared to *Super Mario Maker*, which was already live and playable, the latter was clearly more successful in attracting players' attention.

Even though it was a Switch exclusive, it still captivated many players.

………………

On Shark TV's gaming section, a streamer named Xiaojie had just exited the *Fall Guys* finals and was chatting with his viewers.

"The shame of the sausage people! Half the finalists were sausage people, and they still lost? Each and every one of you should go get yourselves a bamboo skewer!"

Watching the bullet comments in his stream and recalling the *Fall Guys* final, he felt it was a huge pity. Even though he had been eliminated before the finals, there were four other sausage people with the same skin as him in the end, and they still managed to lose?

Sighing, he shifted his attention to the bullet comments, answering some of the questions posed.

"Brother Jie, Brother Jie, why were you smiling so happily when you watched the promotional short for *Resident Evil: Village*'s Lady Dimitrescu?"

"Isn't that normal? Men generally fall into two categories: lewd people and old lewd people. If there are any female viewers in the stream, please remember to protect yourselves when you're out and about!"

"Watch it again? No, no, I'm not. Next, I'll try Nebula Games' new Mario game; it seems to have launched." While chatting with his stream, Xiaojie switched his live feed to the Switch.

He was very interested in the newly released *Super Mario Maker*. After Nebula Games' previous Mario games came out, he had played almost all of them, not just *Odyssey* but also the pixelated versions of Mario games. He even played some heavily modded versions created by fans.

During the previous Nebula Games Carnival, this was the game that interested him the most throughout the entire event. The ability for players to create levels and share them instantly made him think of the infinite possibilities this game offered.

This meant that this game was definitely one for the ages, with so many levels that one couldn't possibly play them all. Although, of course, there would be both good and bad levels.

With that thought, Xiaojie opened the digital version of the game, which was already pre-loaded.

In the darkness, a pixel-style Mario appeared in the center of the screen, running continuously forward. As the dark background receded, a yellow curtain descended from the sky, filling the background.

In the upper right corner of the game interface, a line of black text appeared one by one: *Super Mario Maker*.

When the pixelated Mario character reached the middle, Mario stopped, looked up at the sky, giving off a silly and adorable vibe. The entire game interface was simple. Mario stood on a snowfield, and in the middle of the screen were the game options:

Story Mode, Global Levels, and Robots.

In the upper left corner, there was a particularly conspicuous semi-transparent scroll with a small red dot flashing on it.

"Huh… this UI interface can move! Interesting." Xiaojie, holding the controller, quickly discovered some features of the game. The UI interface could actually be moved, and he couldn't help but chuckle.

"Alright, let's go in and see how this game is played."

Xiaojie didn't continue playing around with the UI. Although it seemed there was a path behind it, the various UI interface bars blocked the middle of the screen, which was very uncomfortable.

There were a total of four main options: [Create Level], [Create World], [Story Mode], and [Global Levels].

After clicking into each one, Xiaojie pretty much understood them.

'Create Level' was, simply put, about creating a simple level to clear.

'Create World' was about linking many levels together.

'Story Mode' was, as the name suggested, a tutorial storyline. As for 'Global Levels', it was the multiplayer online mode.

Playing other people's levels, as well as multiplayer versus and co-op, were all included in this mode.

"Let's check out the Story Mode first." Although Xiaojie was a veteran Mario player and familiar with the basic controls and knowledge, he still wanted to see if there was any new content, as this was a brand new game.

Upon entering Story Mode, a huge castle appeared on the screen. Mario, wearing a hard hat, looked at the castle behind him with satisfaction. Beside Mario was a group of Kinopiko, also wearing hard hats.

"From the story and decorations, it looks like Mario is the foreman, building a castle for the Princess!" Xiaojie narrated as he watched the cutscene.

At this moment, a dog suddenly appeared in the game screen. It hopped onto a material called a Reset Rocket, and then, to the panicked expressions of Mario and the others, the massive castle behind them suddenly shattered into pieces and vanished on the spot.

Through the dialogue between the blue Kinopiko and Mario, Xiaojie pretty much understood the background story. Clearly, like *Odyssey*, the story was just a backdrop; the main core was the gameplay.

Simply put, the Princess's castle was gone, and Mario and his friends needed to help her rebuild a new one. However, the coins to buy materials were also gone, so Mario, the wage earner, had to step in and find a way to work and earn money to buy a house for Princess Peach.

"The Kinopiko is the foreman, the blue one is the wage earner. Hey… where's my brother Luigi? And isn't this *Super Mario Maker*? I, Mario, should be the chief foreman! Why am I going to work to collect coins? This isn't logical!"

"I'm the wage earner myself?"

Looking at the content in *Super Mario Maker*, Xiaojie scratched his head.

"23333333… this story is so real."

"Wage earners, wage earner souls, even in games, they don't forget to work!"

"This isn't *Super Mario Maker*, this is clearly *Super Mario the Wage Earner*!"

"The new generation of tool-man Mario is here!"

"Cry it out! The Princess gets kidnapped by King Bowser every now and then, Mario rushes non-stop to rescue her, and then he still has to earn money to build a house for her. Mario has it so tough."

"Alas, if it weren't for genuine affection, who would want to be a simp?"

"I feel like the biggest simp shouldn't be Mario, but King Bowser, right?"

"+1, I also feel King Bowser is the biggest simp. As a big BOSS villain, he leads his subordinates to kidnap the Princess, but then he travels all over the world to find wedding props, and finally proposes to the Princess. What kind of dedication is that?"

"What are you guys talking about? Haven't you considered how the Koopa Troopas came to be?"

"Damn it! I see Netorare Warriors here too? Pure Love Warriors will slash every Netorare Warrior!"

Many viewers in the live stream discussed the content of *Super Mario Maker* animatedly.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>