Chapter 479: Conflicted Players (Please subscribe for monthly passes)

It wasn't just Zhang Yi; all players who had completed *Resident Evil* were extremely surprised when they saw these two subsequent DLCs.

Initially, they all thought it would be something scary and adopted a stance of refusal. Moreover, these DLC contents didn't come with any Double Eleven or Halloween rewards.

But many players then thought, 'I've already had a quick trip to the Baker family farm, what else is there to be afraid of?' Since they started playing, they might as well finish the game, as that's how it becomes a complete experience. After all, the ending video dialogue between Ethan and Mia felt a bit eerie; perhaps it was related to the DLC content.

For various reasons, many players opened the content of these two DLCs. And then, players suddenly felt utterly exhilarated.

In 'Zoe's End', players control an old man named Joe Baker, who is the younger brother of Jack Baker, the 'father-in-law' from the game. This old man fully demonstrated what it means to be a powerhouse, fighting his way through the world with a pair of iron fists. Fungal Beasts and alligators? He'd smash their heads in. And in the subsequent storyline, you actually get to wield an iron fist. Wooden planks and iron doors are punched through, Fungal Beasts are instantly headshotted with a single punch; it was explosively satisfying. The Fungal Beasts before them were no longer terrifying monsters, but rather punching bags waiting to be pummeled. Some even felt there weren't enough Fungal Beasts to fight.

As for the other DLC, 'Not a Hero', players control Chris Redfield, the man who appeared at the end of the main game. Like Joe Baker, this Chris character is also a powerhouse, bringing a very enjoyable experience to all players. If physical combat abilities could be represented by numerical values, then this powerhouse named Chris would definitely be MAX level. Aside from bullets fired from firearms, monster vomit, and Ethan's brother-in-law Lucas's bombs, all other attacks could be defended against and counter-attacked. Much like the Hidden Blade parry and execution in *Assassin's Creed*, Chris could push monsters away after defending, then finish them off with another hit for an instant kill.

However, compared to Joe Baker's situation, Chris's circumstances weren't so good. Of course, this refers to Chris's teammates, leading countless players to lament their bad luck. Right at the start, three teammates went missing. The first teammate found was gone within two minutes, directly killed in front of Chris. The second teammate managed to last longer, but still met his end. The third teammate was even more tragic, saying, 'Great, I thought I'd been abandoned,' only to follow his two brothers the very next second. Many players couldn't help but feel that these three expendable teammates were incredibly unlucky.

But then they thought, perhaps this was a benevolent act by Mr. Chen. In a normal scenario, the game would surely sacrifice the protagonist, female protagonist, or important supporting characters to emotionally impact the players. But if only minor mob soldiers accompanying the protagonist died, then the players wouldn't be emotionally impacted!

This exhilarating DLC content experience also excited many players. After suffering terribly before, it was finally their turn to brutalize the Fungal Beasts!

"Old Song, have you played *Resident Evil*'s DLCs yet? They're so addictive! Punching Fungal Beasts, kicking Lucas! One word: awesome!" Zhang Yi burst out laughing as he opened his communication with Song Ren after finishing both DLCs.

Hearing Zhang Yi, Song Ren on the other end of the line was bewildered. He had already sealed the game away; wasn't it a horror game? What was this 'awesome' he was talking about?

"Holy cow, this is *Resident Evil*?" Song Ren exclaimed in surprise as he looked at the screenshot Zhang Yi sent him. It was incredibly violent! Stomping a Fungal Beast's head until it exploded, punching Fungal Beasts until they were disoriented—it was completely different from the *Resident Evil* he had played!

"Isn't it though! I highly recommend you play it, it's super stress-relieving! And there are no major scary moments either." Zhang Yi chuckled.

"Say no more, I'm going now!" Song Ren was tempted by Zhang Yi's message. Even though they were still Fungal Beasts and the environment was still dark, the feeling of being hunted by Fungal Beasts was completely different from fighting them yourself!

With that, Song Ren immediately hung up, leaving Zhang Yi momentarily stunned on the other end.

"I think I forgot to tell Old Song that these DLCs are only unlocked after completing the main game," Zhang Yi mumbled, scratching his head as he looked at his darkened phone screen.

..................

Once again at the Baker family farm, Song Ren found himself in an awkward situation. He had searched the game's UI interface for a long time but couldn't find the two DLC entrances Old Zhang had told him about. Then, he searched online. It turned out he had to complete the main game first? He hadn't even met Lucas in the game yet!

Of course, he wasn't the only one conflicted; many players were also in a very contradictory state of mind. Many players didn't expect the game reward slots, as they had been completely claimed less than six hours after the game's launch. The remaining players were either curious about the game or aiming for the three guaranteed game rewards, as acquiring all of them would be a significant benefit on the VR platform.

However, some of these players had played halfway and were too scared to continue. But giving up now felt like a loss!

Based on feedback from players who completed it, *Resident Evil* was indeed a masterpiece. And after completing it, one could even turn the tables and beat up Fungal Beasts. But these two DLCs were only unlocked after completing the main game.

So, should they just grit their teeth and bear with it a little longer?

With this mindset, quite a few players chose to continue gritting their teeth and persevering, though whether they could last until the end was another matter. Chen Xu, however, estimated that very few would.

Because, under the temptation of various welfare-related benefits, *Resident Evil*'s current completion rate, according to backend data, was truly appalling. On the PC platform, 31.7% of players had earned the completion trophy achievement. As for the VR platform, the completion rate was a mere 5.1%, which couldn't help but make Chen Xu sigh in frustration.

..................

However, while the number of players who personally completed the game was indeed small, many players were still paying attention to the game's content.

Many players noticed a detail in the game: in Chris's DLC, some dialogues hinted at the worldview background of *Resident Evil*. From these fragments of information, they could sense its vast setting.

For example, Chris came from an organization called BSAA, while his teammates were from a company called Umbrella, whose logo was a blue umbrella. However, from the dialogue, it was evident that Chris didn't trust Umbrella's people. It seemed this company had once caused some terrible disaster and was later reorganized but deprived of the right to form armed forces. Thus, when dealing with these biohazards, they could only outsource it to BSAA, with Chris as the person in charge. Chris even mentioned that the disaster at the so-called Baker family farm didn't even rank among the disasters he had experienced.

Combined with the plot after defeating Evelyn and completing the game, many players suddenly realized that *Resident Evil* seemed to be more than just Mr. Chen's Halloween 'surprise'. It felt like many big holes had been dug!

Online, besides many players expressing how scared stiff they were, quite a few were analyzing the various meanings and plots of *Resident Evil*. What kind of company was The Alliance Corporation? What was Chris's BSAA? What exactly did Umbrella's predecessor do to make Chris so distrustful? And what about the final fate of Ethan and Mia? All these puzzles became lingering questions in the players' minds.

And the more they investigated, the more holes they felt were dug in the game!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>