Chapter 246: A Great Sword, A Legend (Eight Updates, Requesting Subscriptions and Monthly Passes)

Inside the Hunter's Lodge, Zhang Yi was utterly dazzled by the array of weapons before him.

Just as the previously revealed content suggested, *Monster Hunter: World* has no class divisions. Players can choose any weapon they like and change it at any time.

However, even though you can switch freely, just like in *Dark Souls*, later weapons require materials for crafting and reinforcement.

Moreover, it's currently unknown if the game has a system for disassembling weapons to retrieve materials. If not, then for a certain period, players would clearly have to stick with one weapon. After all, in the early stages, there wouldn't be enough materials to craft and reinforce every weapon. And without crafting and reinforcing, players would be stuck with very low-tier weapons, and their hunting damage would certainly be like scraping calluses.

So, it was essential to choose a weapon that felt right.

"Are there weapon descriptions and introductions? And corresponding videos? Let's check those first."

Looking at the descriptions for each weapon in the game, Zhang Yi chose to watch the demonstrations to help him decide better.

However, after watching for a few minutes, Zhang Yi found that each weapon had its own unique characteristics, and he wanted to play with every single one!

The Great Sword, Switch Axe, and Charge Blade looked super imposing. The Dual Blades and Sword & Shield seemed particularly agile, and the Long Sword felt incredibly cool.

At the same time, weapons like the Bow, Light Bowgun, Heavy Bowgun, and Lance all felt very engaging!

The Insect Glaive felt like playing Ace Combat, and the Heavy Bowgun, held in hand, rattled away like a Maxim machine gun.

Not to mention the Long Sword's Foresight Slash and Helm Breaker, which were so cool they were mind-blowing. The Dual Blades' Demon Dance, the Charge Blade's Super Amped Element Discharge.

The Lance could advance or defend, with its Guard Dash being incredibly imposing and its Greatshield standing firm as Mount Tai. The Bow also offered a hundred variations with Arc Shot, Power Shot, Dragon Piercer, and Draw Dragon Piercer.

It was so hard to choose!

Zhang Yi's face was a picture of indecision.

After much hesitation, Zhang Yi decided to try out the various weapons first to see how they felt in combat.

"Let me try this first..." Zhang Yi drew the Long Sword from his back and walked to the training dummy. As for why he chose the Long Sword first?

Because this weapon was simply so cool it was mind-blowing.

On the left, there was something similar to a move list, and after attacking, subsequent combo guidance would appear in the upper right corner.

Zhang Yi quickly realized that compared to *Dark Souls*, *Monster Hunter: World*'s combat system was completely different. The entire action system was relatively much more complex, and the game also had two distinct states: in-combat and out-of-combat.

In the combat state, players held their weapons and could not run, only rolling to evade. When entering the out-of-combat state, players had to sheath their weapons, at which point they could run.

Next, there was the combination of attack moves, which was somewhat like inputting commands in a fighting game. It required players to combine attacks to form various skills to deal damage to monsters and complete specific prerequisites to unleash certain moves.

Taking the Long Sword he held now as an example, the basic attack methods were mostly just a few: ordinary Wide Slashes, Thrust Attacks, and after accumulating the Spirit Gauge using these basic attacks, one could use the more flashy Spirit Blade. Higher-level moves, such as the Helm Breaker, required maintaining the Spirit Gauge State during a Spirit Thrust. To enter the Spirit Gauge State, players could choose to use a Foresight Slash (also known as a Parry) the moment they were attacked to parry the monster's assault. If successful, it would instantly put them into a rapid Spirit Gauge State, or they could steadily use Wide Slashes and Thrust Attacks to build up the Spirit Gauge, then use Spirit Blade III combined with the final Spirit Roundslash to enter the Spirit Gauge State.

After trying the Long Sword, Zhang Yi then tried other weapons.

The Charge Blade was one of the weapons he found most complex. Normal Amped Element Discharge required players to accumulate energy in sword mode. Once the vials were full, they could unleash a lightning-infused Amped Element Discharge.

However, to unleash the even more explosive Super Amped Element Discharge, players needed to interrupt the Amped Element Discharge, charge the power into their shield, and *then* unleash the world-destroying Super Amped Element Discharge.

The damage was high, and it was cool, but Zhang Yi felt that he would most likely forget these steps in an actual fight.

Each weapon had very unique characteristics!

After careful consideration, Zhang Yi ultimately chose the Great Sword.

As for the reason?

Initially, he had indeed intended to pick the Long Sword, as it was simply too cool. But after some thought, he gave up on that idea. As a veteran gamer, Zhang Yi understood game design principles fairly well.

That is, when a weapon is cool to the extreme, it will definitely not be the strongest. Why? The Long Sword was already so cool; its appearance, design, and moves alone could attract a huge number of players. If the Long Sword was also incredibly powerful in actual combat, what would be the use of all the other weapons? Wouldn't all the other weapons designed by Nebula Games become useless?

So, the Long Sword might not be the weakest weapon, but it definitely wouldn't be associated with being the strongest. The Great Sword, however, was different! It seemed simple and unadorned, yet it possessed boundless power. And during testing, the introduction mentioned it had hyper armor. As everyone knows, in action games, any weapon with hyper armor will never be particularly weak.

When he tested the damage, the Great Sword was also very formidable; a True Charged Slash could exceed a hundred in damage. Only the Long Sword's Helm Breaker and the Charge Blade's Super Amped Element Discharge could achieve such powerful performance. But Zhang Yi felt the Great Sword's charging was simpler. As for skills like blocking and Tackle, he ignored them.

Defense? Who needs defense! The best offense is defense!

"All other weapons are inferior! The Great Sword is the only true god! No wonder the hunter in the promotional trailer used a Great Sword!"

"A great sword, a legend!"

Looking at the Great Sword in his hands, Zhang Yi was filled with excitement. In his mind, he could already see himself, a Great Sword in hand, charging through everything and earning the glory of the Azure Star.

However, despite his excitement, Zhang Yi didn't immediately leave the training grounds. He decided to practice a bit more to better understand the Great Sword's gameplay.

"Simple, understood, understood, I know how to play now, it's too easy! I got it!"

Looking at the immense damage dealt by his Charged Slash on the dummy, Zhang Yi nodded slightly.

Nothing more to say, he's got this! This was the simple and unadorned Great Sword.

Wide Slash, Charged Slash!

Uppercut, Charged Slash!

Side Slash, Charged Slash!

No complicated tricks, just charge it up and that's it!

(End of Chapter)