Chapter 214: Expectations for a Beautiful Future (Sixth update, Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

After selecting Single-Player Mode, what appeared before Wang Han was first a character selection.

The default male character looked like Steve, while the female character looked like Alex.

However, custom character customization was available.

Wang Han took a look; although it was a pixel style game, and the character's head was also a block.

But the distinctions for eyes, eyebrows, mouth, and nose were quite detailed.

She didn't use the original Steve and Alex character models.

Wang Han re-customized a character for herself, then named it 'Master Builder' and entered the game.

After all, she had seen some promotional content for Minecraft before, and this game seemed to involve building houses.

Although she wasn't sure how to play yet, she figured it was best to pick a name first.

After all, having a good name was already half the battle won.

She had even thought of Zhang Yi's name; it would be Foreman.

Her Master Builder would design the houses, and someone else would be needed for construction.

Thinking this to herself, after entering the game, a UI Pop-up Window appeared, prompting her to choose a game mode.

It was divided into 'Creative Mode' and 'Survival Mode'.

However, upon seeing that the so-called Creative Mode was equivalent to Invincible Mode, Wang Han quickly made a decision: "I'll try Survival Mode first. That sounds like it would be more challenging."

'Detecting your first entry into Survival Mode, would you like to learn some essential basic knowledge?'

As Wang Han confirmed her choice, and a World Seed was generated, allowing her to enter Minecraft, a Notification Pop-up appeared.

This was triggered every time a new account entered the game, primarily providing basic explanations about Minecraft so players could understand how to play in Survival Mode, as well as some basic operations.

For example, how materials are collected and how to craft tools.

Although Minecraft is a sandbox game, it is arguably the most free sandbox game.

But freedom doesn't mean no new player tutorial is needed; it doesn't need to be overly long, but at least some basic concepts and operations still need to be introduced to players.

Wang Han thought for a moment and chose 'yes'.

Next came the official gameplay segment; following the system's instructions, Wang Han performed some simple operations.

Moving forwards, backwards, left, and right, as well as jumping and running.

It was very simple, with nothing particularly special about it.

At the same time, in the game, the UI wasn't very complex either.

It was mainly concentrated at the bottom of the screen, with the Item inventory at the very bottom.

It was currently empty.

Above the Item inventory, on the left, were red hearts, representing the game's health.

On the right was a big chicken leg, representing the game's hunger level.

There was also something similar to an experience bar, but the game didn't seem to have content for leveling up and adding attributes, which made Wang Han a bit confused.

But if she didn't understand, there was no need to overthink it; she would just play first.

"Next up, I'll go chopping down trees to collect wood. Sure enough, no matter what game it is, the saying 'to get rich, first chop down trees' is a golden rule."

Wang Han sighed with emotion and prepared to chop down two trees according to the prompt.

She surveyed her surroundings; she was currently standing on a hill, and the entire hill was made up of countless blocks stacked together.

There were many trees on both the hill and the plains, and in the distance, she could see an ocean.

Without hesitation, Wang Han ran towards the trees.

Arriving in front of a tree, she pressed the left mouse button, and then she saw the pixelated character's right hand in the game chopping down trees back and forth at a ridiculously fast speed.

The right hand kept chopping back and forth, and at the same time, the block being chopped in the game quickly showed net-like cracks, and then suddenly broke apart and scattered on the ground, turning into very small blocks.

Controlling the character to walk over it, the small block then entered his inventory.

And a wooden icon option automatically appeared in the item bar below.

From the item bar, Wang Han selected wood, and then tried clicking the right mouse button on the ground, and saw a standard cube appear before her.

"So this is how building things in this game works!"

"Each of these grids is the unit range for building."

Looking at the cube of wood that appeared before her, Wang Han instantly understood the basic building rules in Minecraft.

"The next step is to turn wood into planks, and then make a crafting table."

"Then I can begin my building journey. What's so impressive about building houses in Creative Mode? Watch me build Lothric Castle in Survival Mode!"

Turning the wood she had into four planks, and crafting a crafting table and placing it down, Wang Han was full of fantasies about her future building journey.

"Hmm, now I can craft more things. Sticks can be combined with planks to create more tools."

Wang Han looked at the system prompt, and a realization dawned on her.

She wasn't entirely unfamiliar with this concept.

Just like in Don't Starve, many things needed to be crafted.

For example, chopping trees required an axe, while in Minecraft, one could chop trees and dig dirt bare-handed, but only for trees, dirt, and gravel.

If it was stone and coal, it was possible, but it would take a considerably longer time.

Using the wood in her hand, she crafted a crafting table, and then, using the crafting table, she made tools like a wooden axe and a wooden pickaxe.

Immediately, another UI Pop-up Window appeared in the game.

"Huh! Is the new player tutorial already over? Is this game that simple?"

Looking at the pop-up window, Wang Han was surprised to find that the game's new player tutorial had already ended.

It couldn't really be called 'over', as it still reminded her what to do next.

And there were also some text prompts.

In reality, this was also Chen Xu's deliberate intention.

To let players understand how Minecraft is played, and also to realize that various items originally needed to be crafted.

This was pretty much sufficient.

In addition, the game also had a built-in crafting recipe book.

Of course, in the crafting recipe book, Chen Xu didn't directly put all the items in front of the players.

It mostly contained only the recipes needed in the early stages.

For example, torches, beds, and doors.

As for some more advanced ones, players still needed to gradually discover and unlock them in the game.

"When night falls, monsters will appear in the game, so you need a house and a bed. Sleeping in bed at night allows you to instantly pass the night. If you don't have a bed, you'll have to wait slowly."

"Health and hunger level, just like in Don't Starve, are managed by eating."

Combining this with the recently appeared UI Pop-up Window prompt, Wang Han quickly understood a basic rule in Minecraft.

"Let's chop some wood first and build a house before night falls."

Wang Han quickly made a decision.

As for beds and such, she saw that they required wool and planks to make.

Wool naturally came from sheep.

But she also looked around, and other than trees, she didn't see any sheep creatures at all.

She did see some pigs, so she swiftly killed several pink piggies and harvested some meat, so at least she wouldn't go hungry.

Of course, it might also be because she hadn't traveled too far yet.

However, for Wang Han, the most pressing task was still chopping down trees and building a house.

The goal of Lothric Castle was too grand; it was better to start by making a cozy home.

After all, grand ambitions always started with small steps.

Carrying beautiful expectations, Wang Han took her axe and began chopping down trees.

Once she had gathered one or two hundred pieces of wood, she could then find a good spot to build a cozy little nest.

Looking at the continuously increasing number of wood in her Item inventory, and the durability consumed by her wooden axe, a joyful smile also appeared on Wang Han's lips.

She hadn't even thought why she didn't mine some stone and first craft a stone axe to increase efficiency.

Because right now, only one thing was on her mind, and that was what kind of house she wanted to build.

Would it be Simple European style, or Classical European style, or perhaps Traditional Chinese style and Postmodern style?

One more chapter, before 12 AM.

(End of Chapter)