Chapter 544: "Party Animals" (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

All major video websites and live streaming platforms were flooded with "Human: Fall Flat".

It wasn't just because the game was free; it was more about the unique fun it brought.

It was very suitable for players to team up and play.

Many of the new generation, who weren't players who had known Chen Xu since "Mirror (Game)", all sighed with emotion, saying that Mr. Chen had finally returned to the successful path of a 'Warrior of Love'.

Of course, the new fans were already conquered, but the old fans remained unmoved.

After all, one "Human: Fall Flat" didn't prove anything.

Moreover, many players felt that "Human: Fall Flat" seemed like Chen Xu had made a joyful, super wholesome game.

But it actually harbored hidden malice!

Why?

Because they had no friends to play with!

If you had friends to play with, the fun brought by "Human: Fall Flat" was absolutely explosive.

But what if you played all alone?

It would be depressing, okay?!

One person, all alone, controlling a noodle-limbed figure swaying back and forth to solve puzzle after puzzle.

Coupled with the silent game atmosphere and the white-dominated background,

What it brought was an endless sense of sadness.

It wasn't like "It Takes Two" from back then.

"It Takes Two" required two people to play; although you couldn't play it alone, you'd merely envy others who had someone to play with.

But with "Human: Fall Flat", many players initially watched other people's videos and live streams, then eagerly jumped into the game.

The smiles on their faces gradually faded, and all they felt in the game was loneliness.

So many players conducted a deep analysis, stating that "Human: Fall Flat" was actually a conspiracy by Mr. Chen.

What? You're saying they're twisting facts and talking nonsense? Mr. Chen couldn't be that kind of person?

You're clearly not a ten-year veteran fan! What did Mr. Chen say when he launched "Outlast" and "The one with the big hammer" in the face of player anger?

That he implemented all his love into the game, reflecting the philosophy of life and not fearing challenges!

These were all Mr. Chen's old, leftover tricks!

However, before this topic could heat up, news of Chen Xu's new game arrived.

"A Warrior of Love is all about making players feel wholesome! Two consecutive releases of adorable, cute, wholesome, and joyful games, 'Party Animals' has launched on the Nebula Games Platform, only 16 Yuan! Let's all happily inflict mutual harm upon each other!"

Players were instantly shocked, "Holy cow, that fast!?"

After "Human: Fall Flat", many players were actually already looking forward to the subsequent Nebula Games Carnival for news Chen Xu might announce.

But they hadn't expected Chen Xu to make another small game for them at this time?

What the heck was going on?

"Holy cow, what's wrong with Mr. Chen? Even the donkey in the production team isn't this diligent!"

"Another silly game? This time, from humans to animals?"

"2333333, from humans to animals, then from PVE to PVP gameplay. I always feel like Mr. Chen is implying something, hinting that we're becoming more and more like idiots?"

"Damn, cursing himself, that's something. Also, if you hadn't said it, I wouldn't have thought of it. Mr. Chen isn't really thinking that, is he?"

"Haha, anyway, having games to play is a good thing!"

"Holy cow, this art style is so cute! It doesn't quite feel like a silly game!"

"My Corgi, my Corgi! And the orange cat, it's so cute!"

………………

After hearing about yet another game, many players' first reaction was that it would be another silly game like "Human: Fall Flat".

However, after seeing the game called "Party Animals", many understood.

Because it was just too cute!

As the name suggests, the game is called "Party Animals", and the characters players control are fluffy and adorable animals.

The slightly goofy-looking Corgis, the crocodiles with their boss-like expressions, and the adorable little bunnies and orange cats were simply too cute.

If "Human: Fall Flat" exuded a silly vibe even without playing it,

Then "Party Animals" conveyed that cute and wholesome feeling just by looking at it.

Moreover, the color palette of the game was completely different from "Human: Fall Flat".

The overall color tone of this game leaned towards warm colors, rather than the previous cool tones, which indirectly gave players a sense of comfort.

The direct sensory experience itself made players comfortable, coupled with the previously popular silly game "Human: Fall Flat".

So, even though this time it wasn't free like before, the moment the news about "Party Animals" was released, it still attracted a lot of player attention.

………………

Sitting in his chair in front of the computer, Song Ren was bickering with Zhang Yi in the voice channel.

"Heh heh! It's just that the previous 'Human: Fall Flat' didn't have PVP functionality, otherwise, I'd make you cry!" Song Ren said, simultaneously entering the Nebula Games Platform to install and download the game.

"You? Give it up! Hurry up, you're the only one left, and before entering the game, there's a rather troublesome new player tutorial." Zhang Yi's voice came from the other end of the voice chat.

"Alright, alright, just wait and see how I deal with you later!" Song Ren temporarily hung up the voice chat and then entered the game.

After skipping the opening credits, Song Ren saw a screen appear on his monitor.

In the small room, the LCD TV in the background was playing a scene of a Corgi and a crocodile in a 'big battle'. The first to appear was the Corgi controlled by the player, which at that moment was scratching its butt.

'Hello, this is the tutorial level for "Party Animals". First, take a look around.'

'Exactly, exactly, don't just stand there, walk around a bit. If you're ready, you can go to the next room.'

Simple camera movement and navigation (front, back, left, right).

What amused Song Ren was the in-game narration, a Mandarin with a dialect flavor, he didn't even know where it was from.

Furthermore, the walking animation in the game was very similar to "Human: Fall Flat", like a drunkard.

But in "Party Animals", it was much cuter, especially when dashing, lowering its little head and swinging its two arms back and forth, it was unbelievably cute.

Not paying much attention to the in-game narration, as an experienced gamer, Song Ren discovered the game's sprint function without needing a prompt.

Like most games, it was the Shift key on the keyboard. Thinking that Old Zhang and the others were waiting for him, Song Ren strived to complete this new player tutorial as quickly as possible, too lazy to listen to the narration, and directly controlled his Corgi to run forward.

However, the next moment Song Ren paused slightly, because in the next room, there were many fence-like obstacles, but what was different was that the middle of this fence was like a rubber strip. His sudden sprint directly caused this rubber strip to wrap around his neck.

It was like a tangled earphone cable, and even more crucially, he had run past it directly into the next room.

And the next room required players to jump over it, as there was a big pit below.

Now his entire body was suspended in mid-air, with the rubber strip constricting his neck.

At the same time, two metal-like railings were on the steps, and he was completely stuck in mid-air, unable to move.

"What's going on! What do I do now!?"

Song Ren stared at the scene before him, completely stunned.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>