Chapter 19: Shock

As a game editor, despite Wu Tian not having been employed for a long time,

he had played many games.

From the current content of Undertale, Wu Tian could clearly perceive some of its characteristics.

First, there was the game's quality, which, of course, didn't refer to the content itself, but purely to external aspects like graphics and operational feel.

Undertale, in his opinion, was only mediocre, not much different from a typical independent game.

However, regarding the content, Wu Tian could only say that Undertale, as it felt to him currently, was rather underwhelming.

The puzzle-solving content, although it was just for the tutorial level, was quite dull and uninteresting.

It merely involved pushing rocks and pulling levers.

As for the combat phase, the game offered "Mercy" dialogue options, allowing players not to kill monsters.

Based on Wu Tian's gaming experience, this was nothing more than a reputation point system. High reputation points would lead to a good ending, while low points would result in a bad ending.

There was no particularly special setting, and the game's plot itself felt like a generic dungeon-crawling monster-slaying template.

After taking down some minor mobs blocking his path and seeing the post-battle prompts, Wu Tian continued his journey without much thought.

As a game editor, his approach was to first complete a playthrough to experience the entire process.

Although a peaceful resolution was possible, Wu Tian still chose the simplest method of combat. After all, isn't it normal for an RPG game to involve grinding and leveling up?

As he progressed, Toriel, the Goat Mom in the game, would frequently appear, asking the protagonist what they liked to eat and what they were allergic to.

With each exploration, Wu Tian sighed softly and shook his head.

He had a feeling that the appearance of Mirror (Game) was simply an accident.

After all, the current Undertale felt like a chicken rib – playable, but nothing that truly stood out to him.

The entire castle had no unknown areas to explore, no eye-catching puzzles, and no striking plot. It was just a simple discovery of a door leading to the underground world.

After this event was triggered, Toriel, who had previously saved the protagonist, stated that the outside world was dangerous. If the protagonist insisted on leaving, they would have to prove their ability to protect themselves.

Upon agreeing, it transitioned into a combat segment.

The Goat Mom who had previously saved the protagonist stopped her from leaving, stating that if she insisted on going, she would have to prove her ability to protect herself.

Like previous battles, the fight with Toriel, the Goat Mom, also offered the option of Mercy.

Unlike ordinary monsters, Wu Tian quite liked Toriel. So he didn't attack, but he soon found that the Mercy option was useless.

After clicking it several times, Toriel continued to attack.

So, was he forced to fight back?

Or would there be a story kill scenario, where he would empty Toriel's health bar and then trigger a cutscene?

Wu Tian speculated, while simultaneously attempting to attack Toriel.

The first strike took away about a tenth of her health.

The second strike reduced her health a bit more.

When the third strike landed, something that surprised him happened.

Under that single strike, Toriel's health bar was instantly depleted.

The slain Toriel knelt on the ground, still caring for the protagonist, urging them to leave quickly.

Then she dissolved into fragments and vanished into the air.

"What's going on? How did she die? Isn't this supposed to be a preferred way to pass? Or do I need to keep clicking Mercy?"

Although the game didn't provide a hint, as a gaming master, Wu Tian quickly thought of possible game mechanics.

So, to prove his theory, Wu Tian loaded his previous save.

Following the previous pattern, he began the battle again.

This time, Wu Tian did not initiate an attack, but continuously clicked Mercy.

And as the rounds progressed, Toriel's attacks grew sharper. Wu Tian accidentally ran into one of her attacks.

His health was reduced to a mere sliver.

But the subsequent scene confirmed Wu Tian's hypothesis.

Toriel's attacks in the game would actually deliberately avoid the heart icon representing the protagonist.

Wu Tian even tried to actively move towards them, but she would still dodge.

"It really is like that! Make the player wait a certain number of rounds, but Toriel won't kill the player."

"Compared to the earlier plot where he killed Toriel, the implication is somewhat ironic, especially combined with the setting that Toriel's attacks avoid the player. This aspect is quite similar to the plot in Mirror (Game), exploring good versus evil and moral humanity."

As a game editor, Wu Tian also reviewed the game from some deeper perspectives.

After dodging Toriel's attacks and clicking Mercy 14 consecutive times,

listening to the game's cheerful music and seeing the cutscene after the battle, Wu Tian shook his head.

This time, the Goat Mom finally stopped blocking the protagonist, who was determined to leave. Instead, she gently embraced the protagonist and personally escorted them out of the castle.

"After all, he's a new game designer. This plot trigger setting is still too crude. It's just repeatedly clicking Mercy so many times. Although it's meant to keep players from figuring it out, still..." Wu Tian shook his head.

"And since they want players not to find out, the design where the bullet-hell attacks actively dodge the player ironically exposes it, telling players it's a story kill, which is akin to taking off your pants to fart."

Thinking about the mechanics of Toriel's battle, Wu Tian criticized this aspect.

In his view, if only one of these design choices had been used, it would have been acceptable.

Using both, however, was counterproductive.

But the next scene utterly froze him in his chair.

Because this scene completely overturned his judgment!

Flowey, who had previously tried to kill the protagonist, appeared again.

What shocked Wu Tian wasn't the character Flowey, but the lines he spoke.

[SMART! VERY, VERY SMART!!]

[You really think you're so smart, don't you?]

[In this world, it's kill or BE killed!]

[That's why you can do whatever you want.]

[You're very happy, aren't you?]

[Because you just spared someone's life?]

[Hehehe, but don't act so self-righteous!]

[Because... I know EVERYTHING, I know what you did!]

[You've already KILLED her!]

[But you regretted it, so you went back to the past, you wanted to try again.]

[Hahahah... You're truly a naive fool, do you think you're the only creature with such power?]

[This power to reshape the world... comes entirely from your own Determination, the ability to play God, the ability to SAVE.]

[I thought I was the only one with that power, but... I can't SAVE anymore.]

[Apparently, your desire for this world surpasses mine.]

[Alright, alright, while you still have this power, enjoy it.]

[I'll be watching you!]

[Hehehehehe...]

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>