Chapter 371: Distinctive Characters (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

It wasn't playing a game, but rather experiencing a change called 'era'.

Old Dai had such a feeling within the game.

Unlike the explosive, fast pace of the previous Call of Duty: Modern Warfare.

Red Dead Redemption's rhythm was very gentle, but it was this gentleness that made him feel a true sense of immersion.

Especially how every character in the gang was so vivid.

And all the named NPCs in the game were so full of personality.

For example, Kieran, who was captured after attacking the O'Driscoll gang on the snowy mountain, also saved Arthur's life in front of the cabin.

He expressed a desire to join the Van der Linde gang, but due to his past as an O'Driscoll member, many people didn't look favorably upon Kieran.

Yet, it was clear he was trying to integrate into the Van der Linde gang, and unlike heinous criminals, Kieran was more skilled at raising horses and fishing.

Besides him, there was also Trelawny, who was like a gentleman. He was an old con artist who occasionally teamed up with the Van der Linde gang, disappearing for periods to attend to his own affairs, but always returning when the gang needed him.

This time, he came to find everyone after hearing about the Blackwater Town robbery and brought news of a missing member, 'Sean'.

So Arthur and his companions, braving the danger of being wanted, secretly infiltrated the Blackwater Town vicinity and rescued Sean, the Irish lad.

However, what impressed Old Dai the most wasn't how reliable this Irish lad was, but rather his particular fondness for foul language.

Even when caught by bounty hunters and tortured to reveal his companions' whereabouts, the Irish lad maintained his characteristic foul mouth, only to be beaten half to death.

After successfully rescuing Sean, everyone in the camp held a welcome party. Except for Sadie, who was now a widow after her husband's death, everyone drank heartily to celebrate Sean's return.

Javier, the Mexican, played romantic tunes; the lazy uncle sang lewd songs; the blonde, busty Karen and Sean, back in camp, slipped into a tent to do things that could enhance their friendship but were difficult to describe. The entire gang was immersed in a long-lost atmosphere of joy.

Of course, joy aside, Arthur Morgan and his crew were, after all, a bunch of outlaws... well, outlaws with ideals.

So, the group quickly planned a train robbery, a plan proposed by John Marston, who had just recovered from his injuries after being rescued from the snowy mountain.

At the same time, through some details in their conversations, Old Dai also understood why Arthur had such animosity towards John earlier.

In their early years, John Marston and Abigail were both orphans adopted by the Van der Linde gang.

But later, John and Abigail fell in love and had a child: Little Jack.

However, John Marston always indulged himself in escaping reality, unwilling to shoulder his family responsibilities as a husband and father, often leaving the gang, his wife, and child. This made Arthur very displeased with John.

This time, however, John's plan to use a tanker car to force the train to stop for the robbery was unexpectedly reliable.

As for where to get the tanker car?

Naturally, it was Cornwall, that sucker, again.

“Cornwall is really too pathetic.” Looking at the information he gathered, Old Dai was speechless.

Couldn't they shear a different sheep?

Why is it Cornwall again?

First they robbed a train, now they're robbing a tanker car. Are they going to blow up Cornwall's factory next?

And it seems he previously saw an introduction that Red Dead Redemption would later release an online mode. Surely the enemy in the online mode won't be Cornwall again, right?

Old Dai sighed with emotion as he did the missions.

But soon, he became a little excited.

Because the upcoming train robbery scene was simply too cool.

Everyone had placed the tanker car on the tracks beforehand and set up an ambush in the woods on both sides, while Arthur, like a god of war, stood alone on the tanker car, pulling up his mask, facing the approaching train head-on.

Facing the train's searchlight, Old Dai's camera switched from a first-person perspective to a cinematic view.

Although it was Arthur in the game, Old Dai had already mentally pictured himself in that role.

There was no other way; it was just too cool.

In his previous life, this scene was a homage to the most classic train robbery shot in a movie called 'The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford'.

Besides these, there were many similar scenarios in the game. For example, the journey through the snowstorm in the prologue was a homage to a classic scene in 'The Hateful Eight'.

However, in the Parallel World, these classics obviously didn't exist, but combined with the game's storyboard presentation, it still made players feel how cool it was.

At least now, Old Dai was completely captivated by this scene.

After the robbery, he even deliberately reloaded his save and played through this train robbery segment again.

However, although the train robbery was smooth and satisfying, it didn't yield much money, far from enough for the gang to make a clean getaway.

And this period of free and easy living was soon shattered by the arrival of two uninvited guests.

While Arthur was taking John Marston's son, Little Jack, fishing.

Pinkerton Detectives found Arthur and tried to bribe him to dismantle the Van der Linde gang.

Arthur naturally refused. However, when he returned and told Dutch the news.

Dutch, however, said not to panic, that everything was under control, and the most dangerous place was the safest place.

However, it turned out that Dutch had made a wrong decision this time.

The two Pinkerton agents not only found Arthur and his companions but also informed Cornwall, the wealthy capitalist who had been repeatedly robbed.

And this big capitalist, disregarding his status, personally came to the area with a large number of armed personnel.

After a fierce battle, Dutch finally understood that they couldn't stay in this place any longer.

After discussion, they could only relocate, sending Arthur and Charles, who had some Native American heritage, together to find a new camp location.

What surprised Old Dai was Charles, the NPC who had previously taught him how to hunt on the snowy mountain.

Completely different from the other members of the gang.

Charles could even be called a good person.

While searching for a camp, they encountered a group of Germans who had been robbed by bandits.

Arthur originally didn't want to get involved, but Charles said that if it was within his power, he wanted to help others.

These are outlaws!?

Old Dai looked surprised.

However, good deeds are rewarded. After rescuing the German family, Arthur and his companions not only found a suitable camp but also received a thank-you gift from the Germans: a gold bar.

Soon, the story moved to a new scene, the town of Rhodes in Lemoyne.

After settling down, Arthur, Dutch, and Hosea went to the nearby town of Rhodes to gather information.

But they unexpectedly discovered Trelawny imprisoned in a paddy wagon. Originally, Arthur and the other two just wanted to persuade the sheriff to release him.

However, by sheer coincidence, they ended up helping the sheriff catch several other escaped criminals, establishing a good relationship with the local police.

However, in this part of the story, what surprised Old Dai the most was Sadie, the widow.

At first, Old Dai thought this widow would be like other women in the camp, essentially a logistics NPC.

But he never expected that when going to Rhodes to buy some daily necessities, Sadie, accompanying Arthur, would display an incredibly wild scene.

Facing a gang that came to cause trouble midway, Sadie didn't waste any words, simply shot the opponent dead.

A roadside battle instantly erupted, leaving corpses strewn everywhere.

“Holy cow, this widow is too strong!” Just like Arthur in the game, Old Dai was shocked by Sadie's combat prowess.

Micah, who was bloodthirsty, crazy, and an old scoundrel, clearly not a good guy.

Dutch, the gang leader, always had good ideas and plans.

Sadie, who was initially thought to be a fragile, innocent widow, transformed into a goddess of war.

And Charles, who loved nature and was wholeheartedly good, and the lazy uncle.

Also Hosea, who served as the team's strategist.

These distinctive characters made Old Dai very curious about what direction Red Dead Redemption's story would take next.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>