Chapter 200: Life is Getting Better (Sixth Update, Please Subscribe and Vote)

Entering the daytime of the second day, Wang Han used the existing materials to make an axe and a pickaxe, then began searching for materials to craft bonfires and torches.

During this first night, she had more or less figured out some of the game's mechanics.

Having a bonfire and torches at night meant safety.

However, the atmosphere was quite unsettling, the field of vision was narrow, and the background music was a bit eerie.

And without a torch, some of the glowing-eyed monsters she had seen the previous night could become deadly threats.

So, for safety, it would be better for her to gather more materials to craft torches.

In any case, the safest method was still to gather resources as quickly as possible and arm herself.

A large section of the surrounding forest had turned into black branches due to her setting it on fire.

When she took out her axe to chop them down, some charcoal would drop, which was a collectible material, though she didn't know what it was used for.

Glancing at the materials in her inventory, Wang Han then realized she could already craft the Science Machine.

Going to where she had lit the bonfire the previous night, Wang Han directly chose to build.

Soon after, a green, windmill-like machine was crafted by Wilson in the game.

With the appearance of the Science Machine, Wang Han also discovered that some new functions were unlocked.

For instance, magic, equipment, and a crafting list for items like planks.

“So many resources needed!” Wang Han felt a bit dizzy looking at the dazzling item list.

Aside from the axe and pickaxe, she couldn't craft anything else at the moment.

Moreover, there were many materials she had never seen before, such as poop, spider silk, and so on.

“Never mind, I should find some food first.” Glancing at the supplies in her inventory, Wang Han decided to temporarily ignore the machine and at least gather some provisions to survive today and tonight.

Before, she had relied on eating berries to satisfy her hunger, but now she didn't have many left.

Although her hunger level was still more than half full, she had run out of berries.

And a more crucial point was that last night, she had indulged in a bit of forest-burning.

She had directly set many of the surrounding trees and berry bushes on fire, and she hadn't picked the berries from many of the bushes beforehand, so now she didn't even have berries to eat.

Opening the map for a look, Wang Han randomly chose a direction and began exploring.

Along the way, chopping trees, picking up stones, mining, and digging carrots, her inventory quickly became abundant.

As dusk approached, just as Wang Han was preparing to return to the Science Machine to see what she could craft with her current materials, she suddenly heard a wild boar's howl and a strange roar.

Driven by curiosity, Wang Han ran towards the sounds and then witnessed a surprising scene.

A group of bipedal Pigman were fiercely fighting a group of green Murlocs, all the while shouting.

‘Aargh!’

‘Aargh!’

‘Pigman will now slaughter!’

‘Woltergroot!’

‘Gulu-pu! Klang-pi-ge-lapu!’

‘Aargh!’

The Pigman's words, at least, were understandable.

But the words the Murlocs were shouting were completely unintelligible.

The two factions seemed to be squaring off for a fight, with about eight or nine individuals wildly swinging their fists at each other.

Looking at their tall bodies, and then at Wilson's small arms and legs, Wang Han decided it was better not to get involved.

However, just as she was about to leave, she was suddenly delighted to spot something.

It was that as these two groups of creatures fought, the monsters that died would actually drop meat chunks.

“Meat dropped! I can improve my diet!” Seeing the meat chunks ahead, Wang Han’s eyes lit up.

Up until now, her food in the game had been mostly vegetarian.

Berries, carrots, and flower petals, and of course, some mushrooms.

However, eating flower petals seemed to increase health, while some mushrooms she ate actually decreased her health, and she didn't know why.

In any case, her main food source was still berries.

As for meat, she had tried hunting rabbits during that time.

But those rabbits ran too fast; she couldn't catch them at all.

Now, she had actually found ready-made meat chunks.

While the two groups of monsters were fighting, Wang Han stealthily ran over and snatched a piece of meat from the ground.

However, she accidentally drew the aggro of a Murloc, scaring her into quickly fleeing.

Fortunately, this Murloc was particularly stupid, completely different from previous monsters like bees.

It would even pause before attacking, so as long as she ran without looking back, she didn't have to worry about getting hit.

Once the Murloc's aggro disappeared, Wang Han stealthily ran back, and after the two groups finished fighting, she picked up all the fish and meat that had dropped on the ground.

“This life, this little daily routine, it's getting better by the day! I even have meat to eat now!”

After clearing the battlefield, it soon turned evening. There was still a distance to go home, so Wang Han decided not to walk further and simply made a bonfire on the spot, preparing to make do for the night.

This time, Wang Han didn't set the forest on fire, because she realized that all these trees would eventually be her property.

If she burned them all now, then when she wanted to chop wood later, she'd have to run who knows how far.

At the same time, her sanity would decrease when away from the bonfire. Although she didn't know what bad things would happen if her sanity dropped, Wang Han decided not to wander around for now.

Because Wang Han found it quite difficult to regain sanity. So far, she had only discovered that picking flowers could increase sanity, and only by a small amount.

It wasn't like hunger, where she could just eat something and feel full.

After successfully surviving the second night, Wang Han returned to her base, looked at her pile of materials, and felt that she had become wealthy.

“This game is actually quite interesting!”

After checking the required materials, Wang Han crafted two more axes and pickaxes, continuing her new journey as a lumberjack and miner, and exploring new maps along the way.

As she continued exploring, Wang Han discovered some more interesting places.

Specifically, in some areas of the map, there would appear something called a Wormhole.

When players approached a Wormhole and jumped into it, they could travel to another area of the map.

After jumping into a Wormhole, she also saw a creature called a Tallbird. However, aside from its tall legs, Wang Han couldn't see anything bird-like about its large, beady eyes.

What truly attracted her was the large, white egg nearby; it looked very appetizing.

As Wang Han continued her exploration in the game, time quickly reached the seventh day.

During this time, Wang Han also discovered many small tricks. For example, she found that the food in the game could actually be cooked.

She just had to drag it from her inventory onto the bonfire.

This discovery left her somewhat amazed.

She hadn't realized such an action was possible before.

“Okay, I'll gather a few more resources, craft the Grass Suit and Spear, and then I can explore the outside world.” Wang Han summarized, glancing at her current supplies.

Although she had already spent seven days in the game and was now on the eighth.

In reality, she had been a bit lax during this period, not having collected many materials.

Sometimes, she would wander around outside for an entire day.

Now, she felt she had more or less grasped the general gameplay, and it was time to open up a new chapter.

(End of Chapter)