Chapter 909: Stars and the Game World

For many players, a major feature of the Nebula Games Platform was its capacity.

Due to the unique metaverse community of Nebula World, its capacity was outrageously large compared to other platforms.

Although during this period, some game platforms also tried to do the same as Nebula Games, creating an exclusive meta-game community.

But after a vibrant start, most were gradually shelved.

The most important reason was that these game developers couldn't maintain stability like Nebula Games.

Not to mention third-party renowned IPs; unlike the guest appearance game culture of something like Super Smash Bros., creating such a meta-game community requires a massive number of IPs.

And owners of various famous IPs generally don't lack funds. You want character authorization for a game, fine, but helping you build a community to attract platform users? How can I assist with that?

Wouldn't that be like two armies fighting, and I send all my weapons and warhorses to you?

Even if you pay up, it's still a no-go! If we lose this war, wouldn't you just take all your money back?

So, for major developers, they mostly go their separate ways, but this created a big problem.

Initially, metaverse communities could rely on their own long-standing major IPs, but as time progressed, existing IP content couldn't generate anything new. While newly released IPs and games might be profitable in terms of sales,

They were still far from becoming signature IPs, not to mention the occasional Waterloo.

This is also why, with the gradual development of the gaming industry, major game developers tend to favor a "new plus old" combination, slowly building new IPs while initiating old IP remake plans to capitalize on players' nostalgia.

But Nebula Games was different; since its inception, from small games to large-scale games and then VR games, it had never failed.

Although its various games varied in popularity, each one could be considered a success.

Not to mention that almost every year, a super top-tier IP would emerge.

This also allowed Nebula World to bring players a sense of freshness and new content almost every time a new game was released under its banner.

This naturally ensured the continuous vitality of Nebula World.

However, the consequence was that the capacity of Nebula World was incredibly exaggerated.

Many players even specially expanded the storage space of their VR gaming pods.

Of course, Nebula World wasn't tied to the platform, and quite a few players weren't very interested in it, so they didn't download this extra content.

But now, that was different.

The Nebula Games 10th-anniversary celebration event was actually being held within Nebula World, which was incredibly tempting for many players who had played Nebula Games.

Thus, countless players who hadn't downloaded Nebula World rushed to do so, because the space was simply massive!

………………

………………

"Holy smokes, did they open up player online multiplayer? There are too many damn people!" Zhang Yi's eyes widened.

The celebration time hadn't arrived yet, but like most players, Zhang Yi and his group had come to Nebula World early.

But the sight that met their eyes took them by surprise.

Previously, all players in Nebula World spawned on their own small islands, much like the islands in Animal Crossing, which players could freely decorate.

As for online multiplayer content, players could only invite friends to join them, and strangers couldn't see each other's Nebula World.

But now, all players were in one massive world.

Countless stars filled the sky, and they stood on a vast and boundless desolate continent.

Players, whether they knew each other or not, communicated via microphones, creating a somewhat chaotic atmosphere.

'Isn't it a celebration? It feels a bit desolate, doesn't it?'

'Patience, the celebration Mr. Chen announced isn't for a while yet!'

'I wonder what this celebration event will be like? Damn, I'm a little excited!'

'Excited +1, but I'm more curious about what stunning scenes we'll see next.'

Countless players conversed among themselves.

On this desolate continent, while players could perform various actions, they couldn't attack; clearly, that content hadn't been implemented.

Meanwhile, many curious players had already picked a direction and were running forward, trying to see if there were any invisible walls or map boundaries.

Zhang Yi and his group weren't so bored, because with just a glance in the game, they couldn't see the end of the map, indicating an extremely vast game world.

If it were an open-world game like Vice City, considering various resources, the map might have an upper limit, or it could adopt a procedural generation map design like Minecraft.

But given the current resources, there was nothing but yellow dirt and star textures in the sky; even running for a week, they might not reach the map's edge.

So, Zhang Yi and his companions mostly strolled around, observing other players with diverse appearances. After all, everyone was dressed up in Nebula World, so there were all kinds of characters: Minotaurs, masked robbers, mages, knights. Previously, they couldn't interact with strangers online, but now they could see everything clearly.

Although there was nothing specific to do, with so many players gathered together, treating it like an online forum, time flew by quickly as players boasted and chatted.

At exactly 10 PM, screams and shouts suddenly erupted from the crowd.

'Up there! Look up!'

'Holy cow, the stars are falling!'

Zhang Yi and the newly met 'bro' he was boasting with also quickly looked up.

They saw that the starry sky, which Zhang Yi and the others had thought was merely a texture, was now filled with countless stars carrying streaks of fire, rapidly plummeting towards their continent.

As star after star crashed into the earth, the ground shook violently, and then brilliant beams of light burst forth from the impact points.

After the light faded, all the players discovered that the land they stood on, except for their immediate area, was shattered, and the surrounding space had become a primordial Chaos.

The original continental fragments now drifted in this Chaos, connected by faint lines of light.

'Look! It's Lothric Kingdom!'

Players hadn't yet recovered from this sudden change when one player exclaimed in astonishment.

Like a starting gun, more and more players noticed the changes.

'That's Mount Hyjal!'

'The Lands Between! Holy cow, that's the Erdtree!'

Sharp-eyed players saw the changes in each of the fragments drifting in the Chaos.

Grand structures and wondrous sights were displayed before the players.

All were scenes familiar to countless players.

The stars that had fallen from the sky earlier represented individual game worlds, and the fragmented continent nurtured those game worlds!

Many players, combining this with previous content from Nebula World, suddenly realized what was happening.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>