Chapter 101: Three Men, One Woman, One Dog

Chapter 101: Three Men, One Woman, One Dog

"Ah! A German search and rescue dog! So the dog becomes our teammate here?"

About two or three seconds after the screen went dark, a dog bark was heard from the game.

Accompanied by barking and the sound of digging through rubble, the German search and rescue dog seen earlier rescued Emile.

After being rescued by the dog, Emile then saved a German soldier, from whom Emile received news: Karl had already escaped on a Zeppelin with Baron von Dorf.

So, at this point, one man and one dog also moved forward for survival.

The operating mode was not much different from before.

However, what impressed Liuliu the most was the large ladle in Emile's hand.

"Just like the nuclear flashlight in horror games, this large ladle in Emile's hand is also far from simple!"

Controlling Emile to dig a tunnel with the ladle in his hand, Liuliu couldn't help but exclaim.

Here, the in-game dog would give hints about collectible items.

However, the collected items had nothing to do with the plot; it was just a simple achievement unlock.

Continuing forward, Liuliu was killed two or three times by hidden underground shells.

Although these shells weren't a puzzle for the player to guess, they were directly visible.

But the narrow underground passages, coupled with the shells being very sensitive—they would trigger as soon as you lightly touched them—and the hit detection for clearing the path with the ladle being a bit large, made it still a little challenging.

After making mistakes two or three times, Liuliu finally dug a broad path with her ladle.

At this moment, the dog beside her suddenly became excited.

The screen showed a split shot: in the distance, two German soldiers were repairing a truck, and on a nearby toolbox, there were two German sausages and a Pretzel.

The dog rushed towards the sausages without a second thought, but got entangled in the barbed wire on the road because it wasn't watching where it was going.

Emile saw this and immediately ran over to help the dog get out of the barbed wire, but just then, on the slope behind the barbed wire, the truck being repaired by the German soldiers slowly slid down.

"It's over, it's over, is this dog going to sacrifice itself? Losing its life for food is like humans dying for wealth... no, it's dogs dying for food!"

Seeing this scene reminded Liuliu of when she was underground earlier; she saw a flashing cross and rushed forward without a word, wanting to dig it out with her ladle, only to ignore the shell in front and accidentally get blown up.

Although she knew this dog shouldn't die here, she was still a little nervous at this moment, because what if Nebula Games didn't follow the usual tropes?

Just as the vehicle was about to slide down, the game screen went black, and a line of subtitles appeared in the middle: Meanwhile, on the other side of the battlefield...

The scene shifted to a temporary position, where the British army decided to continue their offensive on Neuville-Saint-Vaast, and Freddie was among them.

However, due to insufficient manpower, Britain could only recruit soldiers from colonies like India at the time, so Freddie and a group of Indian soldiers rushed to the front line.

There wasn't much difference from Freddie's previous levels, but the difficulty was noticeably higher.

Finally, at the critical moment, Freddie saved Emile and the German search and rescue dog, using pliers to cut the barbed wire and Emile's shackles. The two clasped hands tightly; no one would have thought that they would meet again on the ever-changing battlefield.

After a brief conversation, Freddie also learned Karl's story from Emile.

He realized that they both had a common goal, Baron von Dorf's legion, so Freddie expressed his willingness to go with Emile.

When the two arrived at Ypres, they discovered traces of Baron von Dorf's army, and on the battlefield, the German army used chlorine gas for the first time.

Here, only the small dog could go and turn off the chlorine gas valve.

In this level, the complexity of the puzzles increased slightly compared to before.

However, compared to games specializing in puzzles, the puzzles in this game were understandable with a little thought.

And even if you couldn't figure it out, you could press the hint button in the game to get system prompts, which was quite user-friendly.

Controlling Emile and the dog, they easily destroyed the underground machine producing chlorine gas. With no more chlorine gas interference above ground, Freddie and Emile followed the soldiers to attack.

But then, Baron von Dorf's Zeppelin in the sky began to bomb again with gas shells.

In the chaos, Emile and the dog took refuge underground, while Freddie remained above.

Just as Freddie had saved the dog and Emile before, it was now their turn to save Freddie.

They used a bone to form a lever, opening the elevator mechanism for Freddie to jump down.

Looking at Emile and the dog beside him, Freddie saluted and uttered a rare line of dialogue in the game.

'Thank you my friend'

"Don't be polite, we're all good friends, no need for thanks."

Seeing this scene, Liuliu in the game also smiled, but there wasn't much time for sentimentality.

Because the chlorine gas in the game quickly caught up, and at this point, Emile could only dig a tunnel with his ladle.

Finally emerging from the tunnel, they ran frantically forward, seemingly about to perish in the gas.

Just then, the honk of a car was heard, and a blonde woman driving a car in the distance shouted to them.

Next, the game camera switched to a cutscene.

Her name is Anna, a Belgian student living in Paris. She has been persistent in trying to find her missing father.

Finally, one day fate smiled upon them: they were heading in the same direction.

But on the way near Neuville-Saint-Vaast, they were discovered by a German army.

With this, all the main characters of the game had appeared.

Emile, the French soldier captured and made a cook; Karl, the German soldier; Freddie, seeking revenge; Anna, searching for her father; and a German search and rescue dog.

Three men, one woman, one dog—these were the main characters in this game.

"Ah! This game even has driving levels! Anna feels just like me!"

Liuliu's eyes lit up when she saw this level on her computer.

Driving, she was good at that!

Accompanied by the background music of 'Hungarian Dance No. 5,' the taxi sped madly under the moonlight, adding a touch of humorous absurdity to the game.

And even more miraculously, the shells and plane strafing in the game were perfectly timed with the music throughout.

However, despite the perfect timing, when it came to dealing with the timed bombs in the game, Liuliu was still a bit flustered.

At first, the car was completely intact, but after being bombed and machine-gunned, the roof was ruined, the engine was smoking, and the original license plate was bent.

Fortunately, she managed to pass the level without much trouble in the end.

"Who said 'female driver'? I'm telling you, I'm a great driver! I even passed Subject Two two days ago! My instructor said I have talent!"

Liuliu said with a joking laugh, looking at the bullet comments.

This was the most interesting scene in the game so far.

Influenced by the very humorous scene in the game, the bullet comments in the live stream also started pouring in.

'Instructor: Who said that? Not me!'

'To be fair, Liuliu really does have talent for driving; she passed Subject Two on her sixth try.'

'Compared to that, if 'Hungarian Dance No. 5' were replaced with 'Flight of the Bumblebee,' I wonder what this level would be like.'

'Are you a devil?'

However, this joyful atmosphere didn't last long.

Because at the very last moment, a shell still hit them, blowing Freddie off the car.

(Daily request for recommendation votes and Monthly Passes... Also, the cliffhanger is really not me...)

(End of Chapter)