Chapter 879: Joker!

Yang Xin in the game looked at the surrounding scene with surprise.

A group of people below the casino stared at her in astonishment, while a team of security guards in sunglasses and suits communicated via walkie-talkie, preparing to arrest her.

As for herself, she was currently on the decorative ceiling of the casino. Through the metal reflection, Yang Xin saw her own appearance.

A dark grey shirt, a black trench coat with a double-wing design, black skinny pants, bright red gloves, and a pair of black high-heeled long boots.

Her face was covered by a white bird-shaped mask, and her eyes had dark, smoky eye makeup.

Although Yang Xin was not in charge of the Persona project, but rather Fate Seeker, a wuxia game based on The Three Heroes and Five Gallants, she was still familiar with the basic settings and character designs of Persona.

She immediately recognized it as Ren Amamiya, the protagonist of the game.

Or rather, Joker, the phantom thief located in the Palace World.

If Ren Amamiya without his Persona could be described as handsome, then Joker, now imbued with Arsène Lupin, could only be described as alluring.

That's right, the feeling Joker gave Yang Xin in the game was alluring.

At this moment, Chen Xu's voice came from Yang Xin's ear: "How does it feel?"

"It feels incredibly immersive, and after special action design, combined with the dynamic feedback of the VR gaming pod, the experience is more than twice as strong," Yang Xin tried moving her limbs in the game.

There were designs for the character's limb movements and camera changes in the game, meaning players could choose to prone, crouch, and jump.

Of course, having these actions doesn't mean they're always useful.

After all, it still depends on whether the game has designed corresponding interactions.

For example, in Dark Souls and Bloodborne, even if players can control the Undead to jump in place, they can't climb a step as high as a bench.

Because the game doesn't involve that kind of interaction.

So in Persona, even if players can move freely, there are only corresponding interactive animations in places where they can climb and jump.

"Experience and adapt as you go. I'll open up the demo content for you. Follow the instructions and don't fail the new player tutorial right at the start!" Chen Xu said through the internal microphone of the VR gaming pod.

Yang Xin: "... Mr. Chen, are you questioning my ability?"

Chen Xu continued: "Hey! Do I even need to question your gaming ability? Everyone can see it. Alright, continue to experience it, and write a report after it's over."

Yang Xin was speechless, but she was also determined to experience it thoroughly. If she really messed up in the tutorial levels, she would be utterly humiliated.

She'd lose all face in the company!

The voices of a group of boys and girls came through the wireless headset worn by Joker in the game:

"Alright! Time to make our escape!"

"We can only try. Don't panic, we should be able to get away now. I'll retrieve the briefcase."

However, before Yang Xin could move, a faint, indistinguishable voice came intermittently through the communication: "Can't... be... next... on-site..."

After a series of dialogues, Joker in the game began his escape from the casino.

The theme song, 'Take Over,' began to play in her ears, and Joker in the game started his escape, guided by the voices in his wireless headset.

Jumping, climbing, it was thrilling and cool.

However, unlike action-adventure games like Uncharted, Joker's movements in Persona were more graceful.

And with its comic-style graphics, unusually bright background colors, and dynamic background music, Yang Xin felt a sense of what she called 'fashion.'

Following the escape route, Joker easily evaded the pursuers behind him. However, the entire casino was filled with security guards, and upon reaching a corridor, Joker encountered enemies head-on. Not only that, but the pursuers from behind also caught up.

At the same time, these security guards, who had looked like ordinary people before, now all had eerie masks plastered to their faces.

"Deal with them, Joker!"

As the voice in the wireless headset faded, Yang Xin's perspective immediately switched to a close-up, and the screen showed a special shot of Joker in the game.

Looking at the security guards pursuing him, Joker stood his ground without a hint of panic, a slight smirk playing on his lips.

'Demonic and arrogant!'

She didn't know why, but upon seeing Joker's smile in the game, the phrase used to describe male leads' smiles in the romance novels she usually read immediately popped into Yang Xin's mind.

If there truly was a demonic and arrogant smile, it was probably this kind that Joker displayed now!

The next second, accompanied by a shower of playing cards, Joker flashed and leaped into the air, instantly appearing behind a security guard and grabbing the mask covering the opponent's face.

With a splash of scarlet blood, feeling the vibration from his right hand, Joker in the game directly tore off the opponent's mask.

The cartoon comic style, incredibly fashionable art, and the bloody spray when the mask was torn off immediately reminded Yang Xin of the game BioShock that was developed earlier.

When the Shepherd's identity was discovered, the chainsaw created a stark contrast with the bloody spectacle, which had a similar effect to Joker tearing off the mask in the Palace World before her.

As the enemy's mask was torn off by Joker, a black substance instantly enveloped the opponent. With a burst of blood, a giant Minotaur appeared before Yang Xin.

"Oh my god! How is it that the very first monster is a Minotaur? Minotaurs must die!"

Looking at the monster before her, Yang Xin couldn't help but smack her lips.

As a Pure Love Warrior, she deeply detested Minotaurs.

Upon entering combat, a row of options appeared before Yang Xin:

Use Skill, Melee Attack, Use Item, Defend, and Gun Attack – a total of five different options.

Furthermore, the game also allowed players to delegate control to the system for automatic actions; players only needed to watch.

"Gun attack, can only be used once per battle; physical melee attacks consume HP, while magic skills consume MP. Elemental attacks are also divided into categories: ineffective, absorbed, resilient, normal, and weak points."

As a new player tutorial, although it didn't introduce the entire Combat System of the game, by simply glancing at the corresponding attribute designs, Yang Xin had basically grasped the Persona Combat System.

After all, she was now what you might call an industry veteran, and had participated in many similar games.

Through simple tutorials and the content seen in previous concept design documents, she understood it instantly.

Just like in Xenoblade Chronicles, where players need to use Blades of different attributes to attach Orbs, perform Driver Combos and Blade Combos to deal massive damage.

In Persona, the primary damage comes from exploiting weak points, as using specialized weak point attacks can stun monsters.

And once a monster is stunned, the player gets another action.

It could be said that the entire game's Combat System revolved around this basic premise.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>