Chapter 627: The Lich King Awakens (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

During this period, *World of Warcraft* had also been continuously promoted.

For example, the map in the game: Azeroth.

Compared to the Azeroth map scroll that only flashed by in the first promotional video.

There was a more complete map on the official website.

Thunder Bluff, Stormwind, Ironforge, Silvermoon City, Exodar...

These familiar place names, and some that had not been mentioned in previous *Warcraft* games, nor appeared in Nebula World, but were presented as collectible content, now appeared before players.

At the same time, within Nebula World, many players also discovered that more content had been unlocked.

For instance, some NPCs could now be interacted with, and from their mouths, players could uncover rumors about the continent of Azeroth.

With bits of information released, it's fair to say that many players were beside themselves with excitement.

Some players were so thrilled that they even chose to return to the PC platform to experience *Warcraft* once more.

Many years had passed, and while *Warcraft*'s visual presentation was no longer top-tier.

Its rich RPG maps still managed to get many players a little addicted after playing for a while.

Indeed, thanks to the stimulating news of *World of Warcraft*, this six-year-old game once again became the game with the most concurrent online players under the Nebula Games Platform.

And just as players were debating when *World of Warcraft* would be released, and if Chen Xu was just making grand promises.

Players who once again logged into Nebula World in Huanyu VR immediately became excited.

Because new content had appeared.

What excited them even more was that, compared to previous promotional videos.

This time, the subject of the CGI animation was someone they were very familiar with.

That familiar man, whether liked or disliked, had awakened.

Six years had passed in reality, but only four years in the game world, and Arthas reappeared before players.

By this point, Arthas had successfully merged with the power of the Lich King.

This also announced his official farewell to his past.

He was the new Lich King.

'My son…'

'The day you were born…'

'The very forests of Lordaeron whispered your name…'

'Arthas…'

Under the snow-covered Helm of Domination, a pair of eyes shimmering with ghostly blue light suddenly opened.

At the same time, the frozen ice on Arthas's armor began to crack.

Arthas had awakened!

The next moment, the camera shifted, revealing a world covered in ice and snow.

In the distance, one side of the sky was blindingly bright, while the other was dim, seemingly symbolizing light and darkness.

But the wind and snow swept in, obscuring the sky.

As far as the eye could see, everything was pale; there was not a trace of life on the entire ice plain.

In the vast, snowy world, the awakened Arthas slowly walked towards the edge of a cliff.

In this world covered in white snow, he was alone.

Arthas reached the boundary, and now, as the Lich King, he slowly knelt down.

He stretched out his right hand and swept away the accumulated snow, revealing the ice layer beneath.

Then, as if sensing something, he stood up, pulled back the hood of his cloak, and there, at his waist, was the famous artifact that had been instrumental in his transformation into the Lich King: Frostmourne.

Meanwhile, the background sound began again.

It was the voice of Arthas's former father, the old King Terenas.

'My son…'

'I watched with pride as you grew into a man.'

'Dedicated to the cause of justice.'

As the narration played, Arthas slowly swung Frostmourne.

Light erupted from the tip of Frostmourne's blade.

The world began to tremble, and the blizzard on the snowy plain intensified.

Then Arthas plunged Frostmourne into the ice.

Immense power burst forth from Frostmourne.

The ice on the ground cracked open, and an inexhaustible torrent of power was transmitted beneath the ice layer.

This formidable power even formed an ice and snow storm.

Accompanied by a series of grinding and crashing sounds.

A terrifying skeletal monster burst through the ice from underground.

Ethereal blue light enveloped its entire skeleton, like flames.

This was a deceased giant dragon, who, critically wounded, could not fly to Dragonblight to rest, and could only perish in despair on the Icecrown Glacier.

And the profound hatred in her heart was felt by the Lich King.

Thus, under immense and evil power, the once-dead blue dragon Sindragosa, at this moment, transformed into a Frost Wyrm, once again seeing the light of day.

It climbed to the highest point of the snowy plain, beating its skeletal wings and letting out an earth-shshattering roar, then leaped into the air, circling above the snowfield.

'You must remember, we rule this kingdom by wisdom and strength.'

'And I know you will use your great power wisely.'

At the same time, soldiers buried under the ice, transformed into Undead warriors, broke through the ice and let out earth-shattering roars, just like Sindragosa.

These long-dead soldiers, under this evil and powerful force, revived and swore allegiance to their supreme King.

'But… true victory, my son, is stirring the hearts of your people.'

'I tell you this, for one day, my life will come to an end.'

With the Frost Wyrm crouching behind him and countless tireless Undead warriors.

The camera finally settled on Arthas's face.

Dead, emotionless eyes, white hair floating in the air.

'And you, my son, will rule.'

As the old king's words fell, the screen instantly plunged into darkness.

The old king's past prophecies, like a performer covered in flags, had all failed to come true.

Only the last sentence: “Will rule.”

But it was not the King of Lordaeron that the old king had hoped for, but the new master of the Scourge.

The Lich King, who was about to conquer all of Azeroth.

…………

This several-minute CGI animation was the promotional video for *Wrath of the Lich King* in his previous life.

For the official version, Chen Xu naturally wouldn't jump straight to *Wrath of the Lich King*.

Instead, he would still follow the earliest timeline and update slowly, simply optimizing the system and gradually revealing content to players, including various Raid dungeons, new professions, races, and higher levels.

But future plans are plans; there's no need to overthink the promotion.

Making grand promises?

As a Game Planner, is it really too much to make a few promises?

Moreover, the content of the *Wrath of the Lich King* expansion would eventually be seen by players.

It's just that the timing might be a little delayed.
(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>