Chapter 197: To Live a Good Life, You Must First Chop Trees at the Start (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

In a residential complex in the Imperial Capital, Zhang Yi was discussing tactics with Song Ren and Wang Yifan in a voice channel.

Just now, they had seen hope of defeating Yhorm the Giant in 'Death Mode'.

It had been quite some time since 'Death Mode' was released, and so far, except for top-tier BOSSes like Grandpa Gwyn, none had been truly overcome. Most BOSSes had been defeated, some even 'abused' by veteran players.

This was also something Chen Xu had foreseen, as the AI used in Death Mode wasn't as 'intelligent' as imagined, and its patterns could still be discerned. Moreover, corresponding strategy guides had been created one by one, although they did require a certain level of player skill. However, it was no longer impossible for ordinary players to cooperate well and defeat the Death Mode BOSSes.

"You guys have been playing for half a day and only took down half of Yhorm's health; you might as well play Chen Xu's new game!" Wang Han said, looking at the screen on Zhang Yi's computer, her face speechless.

They were shouting so excitedly, she almost thought they had passed it.

"That was Yhorm's second phase just now. We only failed because we got too excited. We'll definitely take this guy down today. As for Chen Xu's new game, it's not going anywhere, and Old Song has to leave tomorrow, so shouldn't we let him clear his regrets?" Zhang Yi said.

"How are you talking, Old Zhang! I'm just going on a business trip, you make it sound like I'm dying! Besides, I looked at the description for 'Don't Starve', isn't it compatible with both mobile and PC versions? I'll still play it on the high-speed rail tomorrow!" Song Ren's voice came through the speakers.

"Then you guys play. I'll go see if 'Don't Starve' is fun. But I still have to say, with your cooperation... it's a tough one!"

Leaving that remark, and without waiting for Zhang Yi to respond, Wang Han returned to her room, logged into her Nebula Games Platform account, and purchased and downloaded 'Don't Starve'.

The game wasn't large; it finished downloading in the time it took to read its description.

Wang Han then clicked on the game icon and entered.

First, a CG animation played. Unlike the exquisite CGI animations of 'Dark Souls', 'Don't Starve's' CG animation was more like a simply made line-art cartoon.

Amidst eerie, yet sometimes cheerful, background music, the camera followed a crow-like bird flying towards a villa in the wilderness.

At the window of the villa, a messy-haired cartoon character was conducting an experiment. His name appeared beside him: Wilson.

But the next moment, his experiment failed, and Wilson slumped onto the sofa with a very frustrated expression.

It was then that an eerie voice came from the radio nearby.

'Seems you've run into some trouble.'

'I have some knowledge I can share with you.'

'If you believe you are ready.'

Hearing the voice from the radio, Wilson was overjoyed and quickly nodded in agreement.

The next moment, countless pieces of knowledge flooded into Wilson's mind.

With the help of these memories, Wilson restarted his experiment. He assembled various parts, and finally, after cutting his hand with a knife to provide blood, a strange machine appeared before him.

'Good, now, activate its mechanism.'

But Wilson showed a hesitant expression.

The next moment, the voice from the radio roared.

'Hurry! Activate it!'

Wilson pulled the switch, and at that moment, a pair of dark hands grabbed Wilson's ankle, dragging him directly underground. Simultaneously, a mysterious dark figure appeared outside the house, letting out an eerie laugh.

The bizarre art style, coupled with the grotesque music, made Wang Han instinctively curl up. The atmosphere was simply too hellish!

"It can't be a horror game, can it?!"

Some worries arose in Wang Han's heart.

After the CG animation ended, the game officially began, and a UI interface appeared on the monitor. It was a very concise game UI, with only five different options: Start Game, Load Save, Workshop, Options, and Exit Game.

Load Save was grayed out because she hadn't officially entered the game yet. As for MODs, Wang Han clicked in for a look, but there was nothing there.

Finding nothing special, Wang Han chose Start Game.

[World Generation in Progress... Inserting Food]

[World Generation in Progress... Inserting Threatening Creatures]

[World Generation in Progress... Inserting Shadows]

Accompanying the rolling progress bar and prompts, it took only about three or four seconds before Wang Han entered the game. The style was similar to the previous animation, but it didn't look as detailed as in the CG. The entire game's visuals resembled an oil painting, combined with line-art cartoon character designs, surprisingly creating no sense of incongruity.

While Wang Han was still commenting on the game's graphics, a strange, long-faced magician suddenly appeared before Wilson, who had just gotten up from the ground.

'Hey friend, you don't seem to be in very good shape.'

'Friendly reminder, you'd better find something to eat before night falls.'

As soon as he finished speaking, the man vanished into thin air. At the same time, the in-game camera slowly changed, and the character's UI interface appeared. The inventory, toolbar, and in the upper right corner, the number of days, health value, sanity, and hunger level.

Based on the descriptions and her own understanding, Wang Han generally had a grasp of things. Days, hunger, health, and sanity—literally understood, they were just time, whether she was full, whether she was sick, and her mental state, respectively. Aside from time, if any of these dropped to zero, the in-game character would likely die or continuously lose health.

Besides these, there was also a function bar with various options: [Tools], [Bonfire], [Survival]... Evidently, this should be a tech tree, and there were some empty slots. She didn't know if this was by design or if more functions would be unlocked later.

Wang Han controlled Wilson, wandering around the game world, picking up everything she saw, taking everything she could.

"This map is huge! First, I'll make an axe, then go chop some trees."

After picking up many resources from the ground, Wang Han realized the map for this casual game was ridiculously large. And according to the descriptions in the toolbar, she could currently craft an axe.

As for after getting an axe?

Naturally, it was time to chop trees. After all, to survive, you need a home, and isn't a home a house? She didn't know if bricks existed in this game, and even if they did, she probably couldn't make them now, so she could only build a wooden house.

To live a good life, you have to start by chopping trees.

When playing a survival game, before you fully understand how to play, there's absolutely nothing wrong with immediately chopping down a few trees without a second thought.

(End of Chapter)