Chapter 393: This Game is Really for Tough Guys! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

In reality, the so-called 'must-play for tough guys' was, of course, a jest directed at Animal Crossing.

In his previous life, this meme primarily originated when Animal Crossing launched, coincidentally around the same time as another FPS game, DOOM.

DOOM, in turn, was a rather bloody and violent FPS game.

Its theme was to shoot all the aliens invading Earth.

Then, DOOM's official account made a flashy move, stating on their official Weibo account that they couldn't wait for Animal Crossing to be released so they could play it.

DOOM, naturally, was a representative of tough guys.

Following this move, players quickly began creating secondary works, featuring Isabelle, the representative of Animal Crossing, and the Doom Slayer, the representative of DOOM.

Through player creations, a crossover began.

A new Doom Slayer arrived on the deserted island, taking Isabelle to hell. The usually gentle and adorable Isabelle's art style suddenly changed, and she rampaged alongside the Doom Slayer.

After clearing hell, the two returned to the quiet and peaceful deserted island. The Doom Slayer and Isabelle traveled between two worlds, sometimes engaging in passionate shooting, and other times catching bugs, fishing, and shooting balloons. The Doom Slayer even bought a pink unicorn outfit from the clothing store.

After all, which tough guy doesn't secretly have a maiden's heart?

“Don't mind me constantly shooting aliens; beneath my metal shell, I, the Doom Slayer, also possess a delicate pink maiden’s heart.”

However, it must be said that aside from questions about the 'must-play for tough guys' concept,

The overall feeling that *Animal Forest* brought to players was indeed quite subtle.

This was because the various little animals in the game were all very friendly to everyone.

Many players observing noticed that the two islanders who spawned at the beginning of the game seemed to be randomly different.

Each islander had a different personality, but all were very amiable and friendly.

Moreover, when conversing, they particularly loved to give praise, but this praise wasn't like that of ordinary NPCs.

It was like in *Monster Hunter: World*, after completing a quest, the praise felt like you were just a tool person – which, to be fair, you were.

But in *Animal Forest*, the praise from these little animals had a very lively feel to it.

For example, after completing a task, during the bonfire party in the evening, when naming the island,

Everyone applauded in agreement, truly giving a very friendly feeling.

“Seems playable enough.” Song Ren casually named the island, then conversed with the NPC before the bonfire party.

Each NPC’s feedback was very well-executed, but as for the gameplay content, it clearly no longer required sleeping to trigger new story content.

Taking a camping bed from Tom Nook, Song Ren returned to his tent to sleep.

Later, in his dream, a white puppy named K.K. Slider appeared, playing a guitar.

From its mouth, he learned some settings about the game.

“The game’s time follows reality?” Song Ren, along with Zhang Yi and others watching beside him, all showed surprised expressions.

The setting where game time follows real-world time wasn't unheard of in games.

However, it was difficult to integrate such a setting with gameplay and mechanics effectively.

There had been some similar games in the past, but none had achieved great success.

Yet now, *Animal Forest* was adopting such a setting?

Could it be done well?

But he didn't overthink it; he would find out if it was fun by continuing to play.

Soon, Song Ren in the game was woken up by Tom Nook.

His in-game self had slept for a full day and night. After a simple conversation, he received a phone from Tom Nook.

After waking, he left the tent, where Tom Nook had been waiting.

After a brief chat, he received a phone from Tom Nook.

It was clearly something like a UI menu in the game.

Just like purchasing items from a general store in *Red Dead Redemption*, using a catalog book placed on the counter.

Many games adopted such settings to enhance player immersion.

However, what truly bewildered Song Ren was Tom Nook's subsequent words.

Tom Nook in front of him looked very happy.

“Well then, there’s one more thing for you… ” Tom Nook said with an infectious smile.

Song Ren couldn't help but smile too, finding the game really relaxing.

It felt like watching cartoons as a child.

He just gave me a phone, what's next?

It should be a tool for developing the island.

In the next moment, Tom Nook pulled out a white document from his four-dimensional pocket and handed it to Song Ren in the game.

“That’s right!”

“It’s the bill for this Deserted Island Getaway Package, Nook!”

“Transportation fees, labor costs, equipment fees, phone fees… all added up, a total of 49000 Bells!”

??????

Watching Tom Nook wagging his head, beaming happily, holding the bill in his hand, Song Ren was momentarily stunned.

“Oh… hahaha! You didn’t think this was a deserted island, so you just came empty-handed, did you?”

“But don’t worry, Nook! I anticipated this might happen!”

“This package includes a special service: you can use Nook Miles instead of cash to pay the resettlement fees, Nook!”

“This service is called… the Nook Miles Program, Nook!”

“By the way, the resettlement fee is 49000 Bells in cash, but if paid with Nook Miles, it’s only 5000 Nook Miles!”

“Anyway, register for this service and pay with Nook Miles, Nook!”

The constant repetition of ‘Nook’ at the end of the last sentence was quite bewitching.

Watching Tom Nook happily leave, Song Ren, standing there, felt that something wasn’t quite right.

This so-called Nook Miles Program, wasn't it just an installment loan!?

He had just arrived on the deserted island, his beautiful island development life hadn't even begun, and he already owed a huge sum of money!?

Was I really not scammed into coming to this island?

Later, in the shop from the bonfire party, seeing Timmy and the others, Song Ren fell into even deeper thought.

That was, the commercial lifeline of the island had already been seized by the Nook family.

All buying and selling were provided by the Nook family.

“I suddenly understand why Mr. Chen said this game is a must-play for tough guys.” Zhang Yi, who was beside him, clapped his hands.

“How so?” Song Ren and two other equally robust players, who were also playing *Animal Forest* for the first time, looked curiously at Zhang Yi.

“Coming to a deserted island alone to survive, incurring high debts, and being forced to work to repay them.”

“Chopping trees, picking fruit, and probably fishing and catching bugs later on. With a 49000-Bell mortgage hanging over you, and that might just be the beginning, with that number potentially increasing tenfold or a hundredfold later. If not for a tough guy, who could withstand that?” Zhang Yi summarized.

Upon hearing this, the other players around him were instantly speechless.

But thinking about it carefully, it seemed there was indeed nothing wrong with what he said.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>