Chapter 509: Hades Breaks Out of Hell (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

At a restaurant in the Imperial Capital, Song Ren, Zhang Yi, and Wang Han were all waiting for their food.

“There are just too many people! We're scheduled for two hours later now,” Zhang Yi grumbled, looking at the timer next to their table.

“It’s all your fault, insisting on this place,” Song Ren rolled his eyes.

“Now it’s awkward. We’d have to wait just as long at another place, and we’ve already waited twenty minutes here,” Wang Han added.

“What else can we do? Play some games to pass the time,” Song Ren sighed, pulling his Switch from his bag. Then, remembering something, he asked Zhang Yi, “Oh, by the way, Old Zhang, did you see Chen Xu’s official Weibo account this afternoon? Apparently, there’s a new incredibly satisfying game out, something about controlling Hades to break out of hell?”

“What ‘Hades breaks out of hell’? Hades is the name of the game; the one breaking out of hell is the Underworld Prince, Hades’s son,” Zhang Yi couldn’t help but retort.

“Ah, it’s all the same, all the same. What do you think of the game?” Song Ren asked.

“How would I know? But Chen Xu’s new game is ‘incredibly satisfying’? Do you believe that?” Zhang Yi chuckled.

“Heh heh, I don’t believe it either,” Song Ren returned the smile.

The two exchanged glances, everything unspoken.

Mr. Chen, developing an ‘incredibly satisfying’ game for them?

As veteran players who had gotten into Nebula Games since Chen Xu’s Mirror (Game), having followed Nebula Games for so many years, how could they not know what kind of person the so-called ‘Warrior of Love’ truly was?

“Are you done complaining? Remember to buy it when you’re done!” Wang Han, on the side, looked at the two speechlessly.

Still don’t believe it? It’s as if you wouldn’t buy it just because you don’t believe it.

After all the complaining, won’t you still buy what you’re supposed to buy?

Zhang Yi and Song Ren fell into a brief silence. It seemed she was right.

“But this game called Hades, the art style is pretty good; it has a comic book feel to it,” Zhang Yi said, taking his Switch out of Wang Han’s bag and looking at the Hades icon in the game store.

“While some people are still admiring the art, I’m already downloading it,” Song Ren muttered, giving Zhang Yi a sidelong glance.

“You rascal!” Zhang Yi was utterly speechless.

Song Ren didn’t continue bickering with Zhang Yi, instead focusing on the Switch in his hands.

The restaurant’s internet speed was decent, and the game itself wasn’t large, so he had it downloaded in about a minute.

Song Ren opened the game, planning to play it while waiting for his meal, and he was also quite curious if Mr. Chen was actually pulling their leg.

“This Underworld Prince looks a bit cool with the background music!” Song Ren exclaimed, putting on his headphones and entering the game, looking at the interface.

Against a pitch-black background, the Underworld Prince, clad in warrior attire and wielding a blood-red longsword, stared directly at the screen.

‘Deng... Deng-deng... Deng-deng.’

The background music, a mix of low piano notes and drumbeats, immediately set the atmosphere. However, it also made Song Ren a little worried: was this going to be another game that caused his SAN points to plummet?

After all, the game was called Hades, and players controlled the Underworld Prince.

Monsters in the Underworld easily brought to mind ghosts and similar creatures. Previously, Bloodborne and Resident Evil had genuinely frightened Song Ren a little.

Moreover, he was currently waiting to eat, so he was quite genuinely scared.

“Huh… Hell Mode? Higher difficulty? Only a genius would pick that!” Song Ren decisively ignored this option. However, he also noticed another new option, God Mode, which was the complete opposite of Hell Mode.

Reading the description, after selecting it, the game would reduce damage taken by 80%, with the main purpose of allowing players to better experience the story.

This immediately surprised Song Ren. He had actually been half-believing, half-doubting the claim of it being an ‘incredibly satisfying action game’.

But as soon as this difficulty mode appeared, he started to believe it a little.

Although he secretly wanted to choose that difficulty, considering Old Zhang was still beside him, he silently opted for a normal start.

“So the Underworld Prince is now trying to escape the Underworld? It just starts right away?” Song Ren looked very surprised. That was quite direct!

He had expected some kind of story to be told first!

But he had to admit, he rather liked this pace.

“Hmm, dodge, dash, attack, special attack, and throw,” Song Ren said, looking at some of the in-game tutorials, a look of realization dawning on his face.

Compared to Hades in his previous life, Chen Xu had made quite a few modifications.

For instance, regarding the new player tutorial, many players in his previous life, after getting Hades, largely had to figure out how to play on their own.

Chen Xu directly used simple text prompts to help players understand dashes, dash attacks, and the functions of charged attacks and throws, among other things.

Furthermore, Chen Xu had also made some adjustments to the escape journey right after entering the game.

The first level in the original game actually had fixed rewards.

Athena’s blessing would always appear, and the three blessing options and their rarity were exactly the same.

Here, however, Chen Xu had changed it so that players could receive blessings from other Greek Gods besides Athena.

Naturally, after the first room, all subsequent room levels and choices were completely randomized.

At the same time, depending on the choice of room, the Underworld Prince’s monologue would inform players of the specific functions of certain rooms and items.

It could be said that Hades was definitely a very easy game to pick up.

Although it wasn't yet clear about backstab damage, attack stun determination, and environmental trap interactions,...

Song Ren already pretty much understood the gameplay of this game.

What surprised Song Ren the most was the excellent sense of impact he felt from this game, despite its relatively small scale.

This reminded him of Monster Hunter: World, developed by Nebula Games earlier.

In Hades, the weapon he was currently using was a sword. Its normal attack was two consecutive slashes followed by a Floppy Fish Lunge.

The special attack involved jumping up and plunging the sword into the ground, causing radial shockwave damage, and the dash attack was also a Floppy Fish Lunge.

However, when these attacks landed on enemies, combined with sound effects, freeze-frame feedback, the Switch controller’s HD Rumble, and the bullet time at the end of the lunge, it was incredibly satisfying.

“It seems Mr. Chen really wasn’t lying this time! This game is indeed incredibly satisfying to play!” Song Ren exclaimed with emotion, looking at Zhang Yi, who was sitting opposite him and had just finished downloading the game.

Although he had only played for less than a minute, just the feel of the game already gave him a very satisfying sensation.

“Really?” Zhang Yi, sitting opposite, listened to Song Ren and looked at the newly downloaded game, his expectations rapidly rising.

“But I feel like this game might be pretty easy; I might finish it in no time,” Song Ren mused.

At least the monsters at the beginning gave him that impression.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>