Chapter 14: Plans for the Next Game

Mirror (Game) was a hit; there was no doubt about that.

Of course, it was impossible for it to become a phenomenon or reach the level of an AAA-tier game.

But judging by the current trend Mirror (Game) has shown, it is highly likely to influence games in this category.

Even the development of this special type of game.

This included how, in his previous life, after Mirror (Game) launched, it indeed led a wave of Gentleman's Games for a period.

During that time, various Gentleman's Games almost all adopted the dual mode of Match-3 game + Galgame.

Naturally, the quality varied, with some being excellent and others merely cashing in.

Historically, this type of 18R Rating game, to players and the Gaming Industry alike, generally conveyed one impression: low quality.

Aside from its special elements, there was nothing worth boasting about.

But Mirror (Game) was different.

Match-3 game gameplay wasn't an original creation of Mirror (Game), but in Mirror (Game), it was implemented with a corresponding combat progression system.

Combat, then earning gold, and purchasing different skills and items.

In addition, the game's voice acting, character portraits, and even its somewhat moving and thought-provoking plot, surprised people, making them wonder if this was actually an 18R Rating game!

Furthermore, the game's rating consistently stayed around 9.2 points.

Although the rating began to fluctuate slightly as Sales Volume increased, it remained very stable.

This showed the game's popularity.

Moreover, as a game with a relatively short playtime and only a few characters.

It was certainly possible for those with the intention to exploit loopholes to play it and then refund it within the refund period.

However, Mirror (Game) players rarely requested refunds.

Of course, this also had to do with Mirror (Game)'s price being only 10 Yuan.

So, no matter what, Mirror (Game) was indeed a hit.

Despite the game's unique nature, mainstream media and channels were generally unable to report on it.

But within the Gentleman's Game community, Mirror (Game) was undoubtedly the brightest star at the moment.

Even in the Gentleman's Gamer community, many people called it an epoch-making Gentleman's Game.

Compared to other crude and shoddy Gentleman's Games, Mirror (Game) was unquestionably the most shining star.

Similarly, in the Gentleman's Game industry, Mirror (Game) also showed many Gentleman's Game designers a new direction.

It turned out that Gentleman's Games could be made this way, and this type of game could actually achieve such astonishing sales.

The emergence of Mirror (Game) for the Gentleman's Game industry was like a shining lighthouse of knowledge appearing on a dark ocean.

Like an oasis suddenly appearing in a scorching desert.

Clearly, Mirror (Game) was that lighthouse, that oasis.

The powerful purchasing power of the Gentlemen was directly reflected in Mirror (Game).

Its Sales Volume grew day by day.

70,000 sales in the first week, with cumulative sales reaching 160,000 by the second week.

As of two weeks after the game's launch, according to third-party sales data, Mirror (Game) had achieved 230,000 sales.

For a Gentleman's Game, this was simply incredible.

Even for some high-quality Independent Game, this Sales Volume was already very impressive.

Such a Sales Volume also caught the attention of many Independent Game Game Producer in the Gaming Industry.

After all, it was truly astounding, even though the sales trend had shifted from rising to falling.

But this was merely a normal market trend.

After all, Mirror (Game) was a rather special game, meaning it could only spread within a small player base.

………………

Compared to the industry's surprise at Mirror (Game)'s performance.

Chen Xu himself also analyzed why Mirror (Game) was able to perform so well.

As a Game Producer, Chen Xu naturally wouldn't assume that a successful work from his previous life would necessarily succeed again if remade.

In fact, many games from his previous life that became popular had certain limitations.

For example, if he were to make "Legend" (A game title) from his previous life, Chen Xu believed there would only be one outcome.

It would be dead beyond dead; first, the graphics art had no advantage, the gameplay content had no advantage, and the worldview and plot were nothing at all.

This was a game whose era characteristics clearly outweighed its game quality.

Regarding Mirror (Game), Chen Xu believed its success was primarily due to its differentiation.

As an 18R Rating game, it offered a Galgame and Match-3 game experience.

While its content wasn't enough for a pure Match-3 game or Galgame, it appeared before players as a Lewd Person game.

It was precisely these two differentiations that made Mirror (Game) successful.

Just as players enjoyed creating Lewd Person content in normal games, they also enjoyed building things in Lewd Person games.

Looking at the compiled Sales Volume, Chen Xu knew he had made the right choice. Without speaking of gaining both fame and fortune, the fame, after all, was for an 18R Rating game.

It spread more within the industry, and for most ordinary players, a 10 Yuan 18R Rating game, besides Lewd Person, probably few players noticed it.

And Chen Xu had no intention of continuing to make this type of game in the future, primarily using it for initial capital accumulation.

The most crucial point was profit.

With a price of 10 Yuan, and nearly 230,000 units sold to date,

Excluding taxes and the platform's commission, the game's first-month revenue was approximately 1.5 million Yuan.

Chen Xu stroked his chin and nodded gently.

He had his initial funds. As for the Job Title of Game Designer, he received official notification at the end of Mirror (Game)'s first week online, and went to the Game Department in Modu for registration.

As for the Emotion Points from the system, Chen Xu wasn't particularly satisfied.

So far, he had only accumulated enough for one 7-pull, which was just over 700,000 points.

However, upon closer thought, it wasn't surprising. The peak of players' true emotions probably only lasted a minute or two.

Perhaps even just dozens of seconds; Chen Xu estimated that at most, it wouldn't exceed five minutes.

In such circumstances... Well, it's understandable.

Looking at the backend statistics of the official game store, Chen Xu leaned back on the sofa at home, pondering the next direction.

In Chen Xu's plan, the next step was still primarily focused on buy-to-play games that prioritize Sales Volume.

On one hand, it was for reputation, and on the other, it was to continue to develop himself.

As for why he didn't choose pay-to-win game, the reason was also very simple.

It wasn't that he was afraid of a reputation collapse; in fact, if he really wanted to, there were quite a few pay-to-win mobile games with decent reputations in his previous life.

But after careful consideration, Chen Xu gave up.

It was mainly because it wasn't suitable at the moment, and the game environment in the Parallel World was also quite different from his previous life.

In his previous life, mobile games largely dominated, with free-to-play + in-app purchases being the mainstream.

But in the Parallel World, buy-to-play games accounted for a significant portion.

Furthermore, pay-to-win mobile games had great limitations.

Taking card games as an example, in his previous life, they also went through several typical stages of development.

First, games like "I Am MT," "Grandmaster," and "Million Arthur" made card games famous, then "Dota Legend" innovated card games, ushering in the action card era.

Subsequently, "The King of Fighters '98 Ultimate Match OL" helped SNK, which was then on the brink of collapse, turn a profit, with its annual financial report showing a 6-fold increase, indirectly sparking a wave of IP Card Games.

At the same stage, card games entered a phase of diversification.

Later examples like "Junior Three Kingdoms" which followed the traditional numerical route, "Onmyoji" with its high-quality route, and FGO with its IP-driven approach, were all typical examples.

In this world, Chen Xu also carefully studied the current card mobile games.

They were currently developing somewhere between the high-quality route and IP-driven approach.

A stable industrial chain had already formed.

For the current Nebula Games, entering this field would be less beneficial than developing new Self-developed games.

There were still two reasons: no money and no channels.

The game could be developed, but without sufficient Promotional funds,

If the game couldn't Become an instant hit upon launch, it would instead end up Making profits for others for other game developers.

After all, card games were completely different from other games.

Because their gameplay and Numerical incentive model were entirely replicable.

If the so-called Mobile games and card game concepts in the Parallel World were not yet mature, that would be good news for Chen Xu.

But now? There were too many uncertainties.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>