Chapter 631: Kobolds, Prepare to Die! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

The camera slowly panned, and as the view shifted, Song Ren saw merchants with their carriages, babbling brooks, and Kobold monsters along the way.

As the camera gradually zoomed in on Northshire Abbey, the place was already teeming with players.

Some rushed around, some headed towards NPCs, and some went directly into the nearby forest to grind monsters.

When the perspective shifted into the game, Song Ren's feeling was—there were simply too many people!

Alliance soldiers, the Cathedral, and the babbling brook and forest not far away were all visible.

Near the Abbey, there were also watchtowers and reinforced walls.

Of course, what was most striking was the sheer number of dense players, their chaotic IDs floating above their heads making Song Ren's eyes blur.

This was a scene completely unattainable in a single-player game.

After all, in most single-player games, even if a scene was crowded, it would be with NPCs.

But right now, within Song Ren's field of vision alone, there were nearly a hundred players.

In the starting zone of World of Warcraft, the game utilized an instance sharding model.

But even so, the number of players before him was still immense.

After his initial surprise, Song Ren carefully observed the surrounding scenery within the game.

It was much more detailed than he had imagined, even allowing him to clearly see the green grass swaying in the gentle breeze.

Upon spawning, he had a ready-made set of clothes, with something resembling a coin purse on his belt.

This was the game's ‘Dimensional Pocket’.

Next, the related system UI interface, to enhance the sense of immersion, was designed as a specially drawn map of Azeroth.

It was the same map that Chloe had brought from Nebula World earlier.

Opening it revealed the map, quest log, spells, Skills, and personal attributes.

When actually playing the game, Chen Xu had consolidated a large amount of the UI onto this interface.

The main purpose was to provide players with a more immersive adventure experience.

However, the current map areas were still greyed out, requiring players to explore them themselves.

Additionally, the game defaulted to displaying player IDs, health bars, and damage.

But if players sought a more realistic experience and weren't concerned with the precise damage calculations typical of MMORPGs, they could choose to turn these off.

After checking his personal information, his starting equipment was, of course, nothing special.

It was all junk that would definitely need to be replaced soon.

So, after a quick glance, Song Ren didn't pay it any more attention.

Instead, he focused on his Skills and Talents.

For Skills, he had an initial Heroic Strike ability.

It couldn't be cast directly; instead, it required accumulating enough rage before being unleashed to deal significant damage to enemies.

Besides that, there was the Human racial Talent, Perception, which allowed him to detect invisible units for a certain duration.

It didn't seem to be of much use for leveling up.

The remaining Talents were passive abilities like Sword and Hammer Specialization.

In addition, he could toggle basic functions like the minimap and health bars, although they could also be turned off.

However, most players would still choose to keep them on.

After all, they offered a more convenient gaming experience.

Once Song Ren understood the basic system settings in the game, he tried out the controls on the spot.

It was similar to the controls in Detroit: Become Human, and he was no longer as unaccustomed to them as he had been when he first encountered them.

After hopping around a couple of times, Song Ren also added Zhang Yi as a friend and created a friend discussion group.

“How are things on your end?” Song Ren asked.

As Song Ren's words fell, several people excitedly replied.

“This is absolutely incredible!”

“Haha, the Night Elves are just too beautiful!”

“We all have different starting zones; the Dwarves are in a place called Coldridge Valley.”

“Of course, different races have different starting points!”

“It’s completely different from the MMORPGs we used to play!”

“Let's all go grind monsters first, then we'll gather.”

“Hehe, Wang Han and I are together, so we can team up. You guys definitely won't level up as fast as us in a group.”

“Tsk, grouping up is for the weak. True masters are lone wolves. Haven't you read web novels?”

“Alright, alright, stop arguing and get to the quests!”

In the channel, everyone expressed their excitement.

After chatting for a while, Song Ren also exited the discussion group and turned his attention to the NPCs in front of the Abbey.

“Enough talk, let's get this going! A warrior who will change the war between the Alliance and the Horde is born this day in Northshire Abbey of Azeroth.”

Song Ren smiled, preparing to walk towards the NPC with an exclamation mark above his head.

His mind had already begun to visualize and fantasize. He would beat Arthas, kick Illidan, and crush the Horde—that was the destiny of him, a valiant Alliance warrior.

While musing, Song Ren headed straight for Marshal McBride, the NPC at the entrance of the Abbey.

Song Ren was well aware of the characteristics of MMORPGs.

If he could level up by doing quests, then he would do quests.

Generally speaking, completing quests was the most efficient way to gain game experience.

Although he didn't know if World of Warcraft was like this, accepting quests was definitely the right thing to do.

‘Are you the new recruits from Stormwind?’

‘I am Marshal McBride, commander of this garrison. Welcome to report.’

As he approached the NPC, there were also thirty to forty players around. Due to the VR immersive experience, when the number of players wasn't too high, anyone approaching an NPC would collectively receive a quest. Of course, players could also choose to disable this in the system, so they wouldn't get a sudden pop-up asking to accept a quest every time they passed by.

‘Alright, recruits, you've arrived at just the right time.’

‘Northshire has had a lot of trouble recently. The Orcs are trying to sneak into Northshire through the mountain pass.’

‘Our soldiers are fighting valiantly on the front lines, but we have many Kobold Thugs appearing behind us. While they don't pose a huge threat...’

‘...they cannot be ignored. The task of eradicating these Kobolds falls to you new recruits.’

As Marshal McBride's voice faded.

A quest panel appeared before Song Ren, displaying relevant quest information, completion criteria, and rewards.

Without hesitation, he immediately accepted it, and the quest panel vanished. If he wanted to check it, he would open the Azeroth map, and through the quest interface there, he could view his new quest.

The quest objective wasn't far, just in the small forest nearby.

Song Ren jumped on the spot, controlling his valiant Human warrior as he charged into the small forest.

‘Kobold Thugs! Prepare to die!’

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>