Chapter 618: The Beauty and Cruelty of Humanity (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

In Kara's story, she doesn't have to bear the responsibility of a leader, unlike Markus.

All she wants to do is travel with Alice to neighboring Canada.

Because there, unlike Detroit, no relevant laws concerning androids have been enacted yet.

For androids, that place could entirely allow them to start a new life.

However, this is not easy.

After bidding farewell to Rafe and escaping Connor's pursuit, Kara and Alice fell into the hands of a human madman.

Rumor had it that he would help all kinds of desperate deviant androids, but in reality, this guy was merely a mad scientist.

He would use virus programs to completely erase the androids' memories, then re-establish their master and control them.

He would even dismember androids, using their organs to create various monsters.

Here, Kara accidentally fell into a trap, was controlled by him and an android he controlled named Luther, and finally had her memory erased.

Unlike Connor's investigation and detection, or Markus's choices and actions.

Kara's path involves stealth and escape gameplay.

Even if Kara's memory was erased, even if she was re-branded.

Yet, care and freedom – these two points can never be erased.

A little familiar touch, and finally, Kara once again awakened as a deviant android, and even recovered her memories of Alice.

In a stormy, thundering night, Kara tried to escape the house with Alice, but was discovered by the man at a critical moment.

But at this very moment, perhaps due to the mother-daughter bond between Kara and Alice, or for some other reason.

Those androids who were once controlled by this madman awakened.

Luther, who knew nothing of his past and was unclear about his future, chose to step forward to protect Kara and Alice.

After punishing the madman, Kara, Alice, and Luther set off together. In the deep night compounded by a blizzard, as androids, they felt no fear, but Alice seemed unable to bear it.

So they came to an abandoned amusement park, and there they met other androids.

A gloomy environment, countless androids emerging from dark corners.

The first reaction of players reaching this point was, 'This is going to be bad.'

But the subsequent development was unexpected.

Because these androids showed extremely friendly attitudes; they just hadn't seen children for too long, and they wanted to see the happy smiles of children playing joyfully.

So they restarted the merry-go-round and spent a good time playing with Alice.

This couldn't help but make the players sigh with emotion.

Sometimes, humans can be even scarier than androids.

Of course, there are also good humans.

In the snowy and icy wilderness, Luther, Kara, and Alice arrived at a farm.

Inside the farm was an auntie named Rose, and her son, Adam.

When the players' game story progressed to this point, the androids led by Markus had already begun their revolution.

And whether it was peace or violence, it was clearly terrifying for humans.

So at this time, across various families, androids had begun to be collectively confiscated.

Facing her son Adam, the kind-hearted Auntie Rose was still willing to help Kara and her companions, guiding them to Jericho and telling them to seek out Markus.

Of course, for Kara, Alice, and Luther, whether the android revolution succeeded or not didn't matter much to them.

However, in Jericho, Kara also had to make her biggest choice.

Just like Markus chose peace or violence, just like Connor chose to remain a machine or become a deviant android.

Kara also needed to make a choice: whether she was still willing to love Alice.

As the game entered its latter half, after meeting Luther, it seemed to subtly hint to players that there was something wrong with Alice.

And in Jericho, the mystery was finally revealed.

Here, Kara saw another Alice, or rather, an android of the same model as Alice.

It turned out that Alice had always been just an android.

Kara knew this the first time she saw her.

However, for an android of Kara's model, her program was designed to cherish human children.

So Kara had always treated Alice as a human child.

But now the truth was revealed.

Would Kara still be willing to continue cherishing Alice?

This choice could be said to be crucial.

If she chose not to continue cherishing Alice, there was nothing more to say.

Mother turned stepmother, and from then on, Alice's relationship with Kara gradually estranged. But this also meant that Kara was still a machine, still following program instructions.

Only by choosing to continue loving would it represent Kara truly possessing a human consciousness.

Because only by becoming human would Kara disregard her machine program and continue to love Alice.

This was spontaneous love, not love designed by a program lock.

But this merely represented the beautiful side of humanity.

Whether humanity is good or evil is a controversial philosophical question, and no one can provide a perfect, accurate answer.

A child lies, cheats on exams, even steals pocket money from home, frequently gets into fights, and even bullies other children.

But one day, he sees someone drowning and rescues them from the water. Is he good or evil?

Similarly, if the above situations were completely reversed, what would the evaluation be?

There are good aspects, but there are also bad aspects; this is humanity.

Selfishness and cruelty are also traits possessed by humans.

If Markus took the path of peace, and Connor became a deviant android, then finally Kara, Luther, and Alice would safely reach the border.

Here, they needed to take the last bus to the border.

But Kara and her companions had no tickets, and at this moment, they just happened to pick up tickets belonging to another family of three.

So players would have to make Kara make another choice.

That is, whether to return the tickets she picked up to others.

It's not possible to say that by returning the tickets, they could still leave.

Either the others leave, or Kara stays.

This, too, is the selfishness and cruelty of human nature.

Of course, players who could smoothly achieve a good ending on their first playthrough were virtually countable on one's fingers.

In this process, either Connor would die several times, or characters like Simon, Luther, Hank, and others would receive their 'bento' mid-game.

Among so many complex plot choices, it can be said that many options seemed correct, but you only realized after choosing them that the final outcome would be terrible, or you wouldn't even see the final outcome, ending abruptly midway.

At this point, as a player, when you ended the game, you still had to face a disappointed Chloe in the Nebula World.

'They died. You clearly had the power to save them... our fate...' Facing a teary-eyed Chloe immediately made many players feel a sense of guilt.

Even if many players knew that this was just a guiding NPC.

But with the Nebula World's appearance and continuous updates by Chen Xu and Nebula Games, quite a number of players had already developed feelings for Chloe.

After all, Chloe herself used artificial intelligence, which made her performance less rigid and mechanical.

Coupled with the plot and world-building of 'Detroit: Become Human', it can be said that the sense of immersion was full.

On major game communities and forums, 'Detroit: Become Human' also triggered a craze, with many players discussing and sharing what choices they made and what endings they led to.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>