Chapter 654: At Least... I Still Have Fried Chicken (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Most players were already aware of the quests related to the Black Dragon Gate.

However, it hadn't been long since they were completed. On one hand, it required running dungeons like Blackrock Depths and Upper/Lower Blackrock Spire midway through. On the other hand, it was mainly due to the tediousness.

"Don't question my quiet nature, I wasn't even planning to stream! Isn't it you useless persons who demanded it? And it's not like there aren't other streamers and video creators making guides, why do you have to focus on me?" In the live stream room, Song Ren grumbled, looking at a few scattered bullet comments.

At this moment, Song Ren, Zhang Yi, and a few other guild members were preparing to take on General Drakkisath in Upper Blackrock Spire. They had just passed Flameguard Ebonroc.

He hadn't intended to stream, but his small guild had too many Zen players (useless persons).

However, precisely because of this, the atmosphere in his small, less populated guild was very good.

Upon hearing Song Ren call for people to run a dungeon, many responded enthusiastically in spirit.

Why in spirit? Because many people's levels and equipment were insufficient to support them in this dungeon.

So everyone kept asking Song Ren, their Raid Leader, to start a stream so they could enjoy the guild's first collective dungeon activity.

"Alright, Old Song has rested up, we're ready to go," Zhang Yi said, looking at Old Song.

"Wait, you guys get your BUFFs ready first, I'll go grab a fried chicken takeout and be right back," Song Ren glanced at the time, casually said, then cut out and left his gaming pod.

At this moment, the guild's 'tactician,' who had just stepped away, returned from the restroom. He unmuted his mic to remind everyone about the upcoming dungeon matters, because the area they were heading into next was a bit different from before; they couldn't just talk as they fought, they needed pre-warnings.

"Listen up everyone, in this Hatchery, if we can avoid fighting, we should bypass it. Don't engage."

"Because this room is full of dragon eggs. If we make a positioning mistake and get too close to the dragon eggs, they will crack and hatch whelplings."

"If aggro gets messed up, it's easy to lose control of positioning, and then a chain reaction will occur, easily leading to a wipe!"

"So, does anyone have a need for anything? If not, let's just skip it. We'll bypass it directly."

The tactician briefly analyzed the pros and cons for everyone.

"I saw online that a Devout Shoulders might drop in there, I want it," Joey said at this point.

"Same here!" Wang Han also raised her hand.

"Aren't you a Paladin? What do you need cloth armor for?" Zhang Yi couldn't help but retort at Wang Han's words.

Wang Han, standing there, snorted, glancing at Zhang Yi: "Don't you understand a Greed Paladin?"

"No problem, then we'll fight it. But be careful, I'll arrange the tactics!" In the game, the tactician dutifully arranged the tactics.

Meanwhile, in Song Ren's home, he had just grabbed the fried chicken and was jogging into his room.

With two pieces still stuffed in his mouth, he re-entered his gaming pod and reconnected to the game, his voice slightly muffled.

"Sorry... 'bout that... went to get takeout!"

As he spoke, Song Ren checked his BUFFs. As for the tactician's earlier words, he hadn't heard a single one.

But having just eaten two pieces of fried chicken and taken a sip of soda, Song Ren felt himself filled with strength.

Carrying boundless momentum, he charged headfirst into the Hatchery.

Chewing the fried chicken he hadn't yet swallowed, he simultaneously delivered an morale-boosting motivational speech.

"Brothers, get ready! Charge, gogogo!"

When running dungeons before, it was pretty much always like this: he, as the Main Tank, would go in first to aggro the monster.

"Hey, why are there so many eggs here? Where are the small monsters? Why are there only two dragons? Is it too easy?"

Song Ren, having entered, looked at the layout and felt strange. He walked straight into the depths of the room, temporarily ignoring the dragon eggs along the way.

Meanwhile, outside the room, Zhang Yi, Wang Han, Wang Yifan, Joey, and the other guild members were all bewildered.

"Raid Leader... Raid Leader seems to have charged in?"

"It... it seems he charged in!"

"So, does Old Song know not to touch too many eggs?" Wang Han mused.

"Old Song knows nothing! Hurry and save him!" Zhang Yi, who knew Song Ren best, quickly followed him in.

"Quick, quick, get in! Don't let the Raid Leader activate all the dragon eggs!" The others snapped back to reality and rushed into the room.

Then they witnessed a desperate scene.

Song Ren, as the Main Tank, had already run to the far end of the room, diligently aggroing monsters.

This was what they had always done before.

But the problem was, this scene was different now!!

'Crack, crack...'

A series of crisp cracking sounds echoed from the dragon eggs in the room.

Accompanied by the roars of the whelplings, countless small dragons burst out of the eggs and launched an attack on the team members.

A portion of them, due to aggro, chased after Song Ren who was ahead.

"Intervene me! Intervene me! I'm going to die, I'm going to die! I can't move, save yourselves!" Wang Yifan frantically asked Wang Han to use a brief moment of invincibility to save his life.

But that also meant the team was missing some AOE damage.

Meanwhile, Song Ren, who was still kiting around the room, was also bewildered by the chaotic Hatchery.

He... pulled a Leeroy Jenkins?

All the dragon eggs in the first-floor hall had cracked open.

The entire first-floor hall was surrounded by countless whelplings.

"Old Song, you're really a Leeroy Jenkins!"

Looking at the bewildered Song Ren, Zhang Yi couldn't help but complain.

A locomotive? That wasn't enough to describe him anymore!

And the moment he finished speaking, his last sliver of health disappeared.

All fifteen members, upholding the principle of never abandoning anyone, all turned into ghost form.

It was then that Song Ren learned the full story from his team members.

A bloody case triggered by fried chicken!

"At least... I still have fried chicken." Song Ren was speechless. Feeling the lingering taste of fried chicken in his mouth, he inexplicably blurted out.

Meanwhile, other guild members watching via the live stream went absolutely wild with laughter.

His impromptu live stream room and the guild's chat channel exploded.

'233333333, I'm dying of laughter, haha, the Raid Leader didn't hear any tactics, shouting and charging in like that was too handsome.'

'It's okay Raid Leader, even though you wiped, you still have fried chicken!'

'That's right, Raid Leader, you can enjoy your fried chicken now!'

'Others aggro monsters by pulling a train, but the Raid Leader is different, the Raid Leader is the king of the train family!'

'I am Leeroy Jenkins! Woo woo woo...'

Looking at the chat channel and the fourteen souls around him, Song Ren also felt a bit embarrassed and lightly coughed twice.

"Ahem... my bad, my bad, this round is all my fault. Say no more, everyone gets a monthly subscription. Let's just pretend this never happened!"

Since playing `World of Warcraft`, it was the first time Song Ren had used a pay-to-win strategy in the game.

Hearing Song Ren's words, the other guild members also started spamming the chat again.

'...........! Holy cow, I missed out on 1 million Yuan!'

'Ah! Why didn't I participate in the event? Why wasn't I wiped out? Oh, I'm only level 45? Never mind then.'

Looking at the discussions of the useless persons in the guild, Song Ren was speechless: "You useless persons! Hurry up and level up! The information shows there are large raid dungeons later, and this Onyxia quest is also a quest to open a dungeon. Although first clear isn't our concern at all, at least we should be able to gather enough people for a dungeon group then, right?"

"If our guild can get the first clear, every participating member will get a monthly subscription from me, okay?"

Of course, he said that, but Song Ren estimated that he might not be able to spend that money within the year.

How many days had it been since the game launched? The number of max level players in the guild was still countable on one's fingers.

Almost couldn't even get enough people to run Upper Blackrock Spire, was that even acceptable?!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>