Chapter 431: When Will Players Realize My Meticulous Efforts? (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Chapter 431: When Will Players Realize My Meticulous Efforts? (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

As players delved deeper, more and more information was gradually revealed.

At the same time, many players also discovered that these easter egg contents were truly hidden in diverse and unexpected ways.

Some were relatively easy to find, while others were hidden exceptionally deep.

Some of the easier ones to find included a newspaper near the entrance of the VR-themed camp in 'Red Dead Redemption 2', which, when picked up and read, revealed news about Uncharted.

However, some were hidden so deeply that countless players expressed their exasperation, such as one hidden in a corner of the basement in Outlast. Although the Awakening Mode had been updated on the VR platform, it didn't mean that horror games were no longer scary at all. To put it in numbers, if the PC version of a horror game had a Fear Value of 5 and the VR version was 10, then with Awakening Mode enabled, it became 7.

Eventually, more and more information was collected by players. While some might still be missing, a general picture and template began to emerge.

Many players online enthusiastically exchanged their findings.

“I was fishing on the beach next to the Ancient Forest in Monster Hunter: World and caught a diary. I could only read two pages, but it mentioned some things about Shangri-La.”

“Holy cow, you caught a diary while fishing? That's not scientific!”

“Forget about scientific or not! I found a diary used to prop up a table leg in the Dwarf Blacksmith's shop in Stormwind! Similar to yours, but mine recorded content about the City of a Thousand Pillars.”

Many players exchanged their findings, and eventually, a general image and template emerged.

The game's name, if there were no surprises, would be 'Uncharted'.

And the protagonist of the game was a man named Nathan Drake.

From the scattered diary fragments and newspaper contents collected, players finally summarized their findings.

Nathan Drake was a great explorer who had ventured deep into the Panama Sea to find Francis Drake's coffin and discovered the lost El Dorado.

He also followed the footsteps of the deceased Marco Polo's explorations, ultimately discovering the legendary paradise on Earth: Shangri-La.

He had also traveled to the Arabian Peninsula, venturing deep into the desert, to find the lost ancient city: the City of a Thousand Pillars.

At the same time, he unearthed the pirate paradise created by the great pirate Henry Every, the legendary pirate utopia: Libertalia.

A man who could be described as a legend.

Clearly, this was an action-adventure game with a treasure-hunting theme.

However, many players found it strange that they hadn't heard of these ruins: the City of a Thousand Pillars, El Dorado, and the Pirate Paradise.

The only one that felt somewhat familiar was Shangri-La.

But not having heard of them before wasn't an issue; in the age of internet information, couldn't they just search for what they didn't know?

So, players quickly discovered that these ruins indeed had many rumors in historical records, some true and some false.

For example, the City of a Thousand Pillars came from the archaeological experiences of the British officer 'Lawrence of Arabia', who facilitated Arabian independence in the 20th century, during his early years as an archaeologist in the Middle East.

And Shangri-La was also related to Marco Polo's treasure and legendary historical ruins.

However, these ruins were only briefly mentioned in historical documents, accompanied by many folk legends, but were never truly confirmed treasures.

This blend of truth and falsehood in the treasures and stories greatly piqued the interest of many players.

After this information was collected, players swarmed to Chen Xu's official Weibo account, bombarding him with questions.

But they didn't have to wait long; Chen Xu quickly sent out an official Weibo post.

One sentence and four pictures.

'You've already guessed it.'

Subsequently, four concept art images were released.

The first image showed Nathan Drake and Elena on a ship's bow, sailing towards the distant sunset.

The second image showed Nathan Drake and Elena in front of a wooden fence, gazing at the magnificent snow-capped mountains in the distance.

The third image depicted Nathan Drake and Elena walking towards a harbor.

The fourth image showed Nathan Drake and Elena embracing tightly on a beach.

These four images corresponded to four different stories within Uncharted.

This was also Chen Xu's way of hinting.

As soon as this Weibo post was released, players instantly erupted.

Although it was already 99% certain, without official confirmation, it could only be considered a guess.

But now?

It was confirmed!

This was a new game's announcement and content!

“Treasure hunting theme, action-adventure! Chen Xu is actually making this genre!?”

“Awesome! There haven't been any particularly interesting treasure-hunting games in recent years. We can definitely look forward to something from Nebula Games!”

“I knew it, Chen Xu has been so quiet, but he pulled off this move for the promotion!”

“Speaking of which, the easter egg content is fully implemented, so I wonder how far along the game's development is!”

“Three years ago, I would tell you the game is almost done; two years ago, I would tell you the game should be almost done; a year ago, I would tell you the game is in development; and now I tell you, Mr. Chen probably hasn't even finished the promotional video and can only fool us by implanting easter eggs and releasing concept art!”

“Damn! That's the truth!”

……………………

“These players really don't realize my painstaking efforts.”

In the Nebula Games break room, Chen Xu scrolled through his phone and couldn't help but sigh.

Why use the easter egg approach?

Although it did have a slight connection to the current development content, that wasn't the main reason, okay?

His intention was to give players the pleasant surprise of discovery!

And the concept art? Wasn't that an hint to players that this game would have a relatively happy ending?

When would players ever understand his meticulous efforts?

“Speaking of which, if players knew your thoughts, Mr. Chen, they'd probably be worried about Nathan Drake.” Yang Xin quipped from beside him.

“Ahem! After this game, players' impression of me will definitely change. Given time, the title of 'Warrior of Love' will become well-deserved!”

“Alright, the script crew is all set. Next, we're going to do something big.” Chen Xu coughed lightly and said.

………………

Online, players were constantly discussing Uncharted, while NetDragon, Atari, and other game developers were all dumbfounded.

Is there no reasonableness? Is there no fair play?

When it comes to promotion, everyone just puts out various documents and competes.

Why does Nebula Games have so many flashy tricks?

Announcing games with easter eggs?

That's really something else!

But despite their frustration, NetDragon and Atari understood one thing.

Nebula Games was able to generate hype for its new game in this way because of players' anticipation, which stemmed from Nebula Games' consistently good reputation.

It made players voluntarily participate in this easter egg hunt.

If they were to do it, there would only be two outcomes.

The first: no one would care.

The second: they would have to spend money to create momentum.

It was truly difficult to generate game hype using player anticipation, just as Nebula Games had done.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>