Chapter 637: Is it really a Warcraft career if you don't die twice? (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

After clearing the quest [Princess Must Die], Song Ren's level also reached eight.

He teamed up with the other warriors and knight bros to clear some surrounding quests and level up.

Next, on a quest at the Forest Edge Clearing Watchtower, Song Ren faced the game's first powerful monster: Hogger.

Old Man Hogger, an Elite monster at level eleven, was the nightmare of many rookie Warcraft players in his previous life. When most players didn't know how to play, facing Old Man Hogger solo would most likely result in a wipe, and even a two-person team might be ravaged and tormented by him.

But now, there was no need to worry, because there were about twenty people guarding Old Man Hogger at his spawn point. Just like Garrick before him, even if our Gnoll, Old Man Hogger, had over 700 health in the early game, he still wouldn't survive more than two seconds after respawning.

Moreover, the scene here was much more chaotic than when they fought Garrick earlier. The crowd didn't bother queuing up; instead, they swarmed the spawn point, each team hoping their luck would be good enough to deal higher damage before Hogger was instantly killed, thus securing the kill rights.

"Indeed, the previous polite queuing was just an exception." Song Ren couldn't help but grumble, looking at the chaotic mess.

However, his team's luck was pretty good. After guarding for two spawn cycles, they successfully snatched the kill.

After returning and turning in the quest, Song Ren chose a pair of Stormwind City guard's greaves, and the team disbanded.

In the game, it was generally like this: when encountering monsters that required teaming up or grinding monsters for quests in one area, a temporary team would be formed to improve efficiency. Afterwards, everyone would go their own way.

"Old Zhang, how are you guys doing? When and where should we meet up?" Preparing to take a stroll around Stormwind City and level up to 10 to do a class quest, Song Ren opened his friends list and glanced at his teammates' levels.

The highest level was Wang Yifan, the mage, who was already level ten.

Next, Joey's priest was level nine, like him, while Zhang Yi and Wang Han, the two little dwarves, were only level eight.

"Leveling speed is decent. We'll hit nine after turning in a quest. When we reach level ten, we'll come to Stormwind City to find you, Old Song. I saw that taking the subway from Ironforge is pretty convenient and goes directly there," Zhang Yi said in the voice channel.

"That's right, I saw on the forums and communities that some players are almost level twelve already. Westfall has a lot of quests!" Wang Han chimed in.

"Sister Han, how do you have time to browse the forums and communities?" Joey asked, perplexed.

"Ahem... I slacked off a bit while fighting monsters," Wang Han coughed lightly twice.

"No problem, it's not far for me to get to Ironforge," Wang Yifan said, indicating he didn't care.

Meanwhile, Joey, who was still in Darnassus, opened the world map and fell silent after taking a look.

Compared to the World of Warcraft in his previous life, Chen Xu had incorporated many user-friendly settings.

For example, a pathfinding system.

Of course, this pathfinding wasn't a one-click auto-navigation setting.

Instead, in World of Warcraft, there were many NPCs who served as background elements. In addition to introducing players to the lore of Azeroth and the local customs and conditions, their greatest feature was giving directions.

With the new Artificial Intelligence AI technology, while it couldn't make every NPC lifelike, it could guide players in the right direction.

For example, in Ironforge, if a player asked any NPC how to get to Stormwind City, the NPC would inform the player of the path to take.

"Perhaps you'll have to wait a while longer to see me," Joey's voice carried a hint of despair, especially after she asked for directions.

In fact, there were some simpler ways for Elves to get to Stormwind City in the game.

For example, the "weakened resurrection method" of taking a boat and jumping into the sea.

But game NPCs wouldn't teach players this method, nor would they tell players how to swim.

So, Elves could only set out properly from the Wetlands.

But then again, it wasn't a big deal. Isn't getting bitten to death by crocodiles a few times on the way just part of the experience? Is that really something to complain about?

If an Elf travels a long distance to Stormwind City and doesn't get bitten to death twice by crocodiles along the way, how can they face their Warcraft career?

After discussing the next steps with Old Zhang and the others, Song Ren continued to do quests and level up.

Upon reaching level ten, he headed towards Stormwind City, planning to bind his Hearthstone there along the way.

Although it wasn't the first time he'd seen Stormwind City, having seen it countless times in Nebula World before.

But looking at the wide city gate and the statues of five heroes towering in the Valley of Heroes, he couldn't help but feel deeply moved.

Song Ren also noticed that compared to Stormwind City in Nebula World, the game here had a special atmosphere bonus.

That was, there was even BGM when entering Stormwind City, which was absent in Nebula World.

In addition, there were many players in Stormwind City. By this point, the instance sharding system was gone, so Song Ren saw all sorts of players wandering around Stormwind City.

Besides Humans, Song Ren also saw some Dwarves and Gnomes.

As for Elves, Song Ren hadn't seen any yet.

At this very moment, on the way to Stormwind City, Joey, now in her spirit form, was filled with despair. The great road was covered with white bones, all of which were the remains of her Elf companions.

However, she also discovered a special method: simply running in spirit form.

Not only was it fast, but she wouldn't get attacked.

Wouldn't it be wonderful to just run directly to the Ironforge graveyard and resurrect there?

And this ghost run journey wasn't lonely either, as there were many other players like her around.

Although they weren't together, Song Ren and his four companions each had something to do.

The most boring was Joey, running back to her corpse in spirit form, with scenery along the way that was hard to describe.

Wang Yifan had already set off for Ironforge, and it was much more convenient for him compared to Joey.

As for Zhang Yi and Wang Han, they weren't in a hurry. The Ironforge subway could take them directly, or they could even run through the subway mine tunnel to get there.

So, the two of them were still clearing quests. As an MMORPG, the game experience in each racial starting zone was actually very good.

Even without going to other areas, the leveling path was very smooth.

It wasn't like other MMORPGs, which only had one fixed, dead-end route.

Furthermore, most of World of Warcraft's quests were in the form of quest chains; completing one immediately led to the next, making it impossible for completionist players to stop. Combined with World of Warcraft's visuals and operational feel, which were currently incomparable to other games, and its progression elements as an MMORPG, it gave players a sense of constantly accumulating wealth and becoming stronger. It was incredibly addictive, making the game's sense of immersion off the charts.

At least for now, Song Ren felt that this World of Warcraft was almost flawless. As for why 'almost'...

It was because, as a warrior, his game experience was indeed a little bad.

His pockets were cleaner than his face, and every time he learned a new skill, it felt like cutting flesh from his thigh.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>