Chapter 883: Damn Suguru Kamoshida

In the previous prologue, Zhang Yi had already learned some of the system settings for Persona.

As a veteran player with extensive experience across numerous games, Zhang Yi immediately understood upon starting that it was a very traditional RPG game. Dungeon mazes, attribute counters, and turn-based strategy were all very basic settings.

At the same time, there was also a relatively important collection element in the game: Personas. And Zhang Yi had a premonition that he would spend countless hours grinding on this system. Currently, he only possessed the initial Persona named Arsène Lupin. But just like the Blades in Xenoblade Chronicles, these Personas in Persona could also be developed and progressed. He just didn't know what kind of progression mode would follow, as he hadn't unlocked the later content yet. As for the dungeon maze content, there was nothing particularly special; mechanisms and various mobs are fundamental settings that no game can escape. The only difference lies in the ingenuity of the dungeon maze design. But for now, having only just started, Zhang Yi couldn't really comment.

Aside from that, what he found most interesting so far, beyond the Art and Music, was the worldview setting and the daily life aspects. In the game, Personas are manifestations of the human heart, and also the source of power. The protagonist, controlled by the player, must fight against Shadows that lurk in Palaces, which are materialized distorted consciousnesses, representing twisted humanity and desire itself. Both Personas and Shadows' external appearances are projected by human fantasies, thus their forms are various strange forces and supernatural beings found in legends and strange tales. This unique worldview setting greatly intrigued Zhang Yi. He wasn't sure how it would develop later. But the 'psychological' element would clearly be one of the game's key components.

Next were the daily school activities. Being a 'delinquent student' during the day but secretly a heart-stealing superhero at night – this unique setup gave him a special thrill. Monotonous school life alone wasn't very interesting, but when linked with superheroes and the game's distinct characters, the enjoyment created a 1+1>2 effect. Moreover, this daily school life was incredibly detailed.

Sitting in the classroom, listening to the teacher lecture at the blackboard, Ren Amamiya, controlled by Zhang Yi, rested his chin on his hand, staring out the window. This scene reminded Zhang Yi of his own high school days. Of course, the conditions weren't as good as in the game; back then, it was a two-person desk with a long bench for two, and sometimes they would 'fight fiercely' over 'territory' on the table. "What a pity, the sense of immersion isn't as strong," Zhang Yi sighed. But after all, it was an island nation's school, and a private high school, not a public one.

However, as Zhang Yi's sigh faded, he quickly found that feeling he had when he was in high school.

'Hey! Transfer student!'

'The Greek philosopher Plato said that the human soul is divided into three parts: will, desire... and what is the other one? Answer me!'

Zhang Yi: !!!!!!!!

"Damn it! I have to seriously answer questions? How the heck would I know that?!" Zhang Yi stared bewildered as Ren Amamiya stood up in the game. That's right! The feeling was back! The youth of daydreaming in class and then being called upon by the teacher to answer questions was back! "Patience, reason, love? Multiple choice? Good thing it's not a cloze test but multiple choice." Zhang Yi breathed a sigh of relief looking at the three options before him. "When in doubt, choose C! And didn't they say Platonic love? It should be this, right?" Zhang Yi pondered for a moment looking at the three options, then made his choice.

'Hmph… I didn't expect you to know.'

'The correct answer is reason. Remember it well. Plato's teacher, Socrates, also said, 'Ignorance is vice.' Humans who indulge their willfulness and individuality will ultimately go astray and become the scum of society!'

As the teacher's words fell, the students nearby whispered.

'He's really not a serious student.'

'Better not get involved with him…'

'Oh no, he's looking over here!'

Zhang Yi: …………

So this is the school life experience of a poor student and a delinquent?

Zhang Yi's lips twitched as he watched the students' subtle movements around him. Compared to the original, although the art style wasn't realistic, Chen Xu made significant changes to the perspective in the VR version. For instance, in the daily life scenes, players could perceive more details. At least now, Zhang Yi was determined: next time, he would absolutely not be a poor student! The title of 'delinquent student' was clearly spread by that disgusting volleyball teacher, Suguru Kamoshida. Based on Zhang Yi's many years of gaming experience, such labels could usually only be changed by slowly progressing through the game's main story. However, the title of 'poor student' he could change!

He was an academic underachiever in school, so he couldn't possibly be an academic underachiever in a game now, right? It was just solving problems, wasn't it? At worst, he'd play the game while alt-tabbing to search for answers! Zhang Yi gave a thumbs-up for his own cleverness.

However, as the game's progress slowly advanced, apart from the related dungeons and tutorials, and daily activities like school studies and part-time jobs, the game's plot and overall atmosphere also made Zhang Yi feel quite oppressive. Suguru Kamoshida was, without a doubt, the first BOSS in the game. He was a graduate of Shujin Academy High School, an Olympic champion, and after retirement, he served as the school's physical education teacher, coaching the volleyball club to a national competition. But privately, he resorted to corporal punishment, escalating to abuse, and had slandered Ryuji Sakamoto under the guise of self-defense, deliberately injuring his leg and leading to the disbandment of the track and field club. Even more critically, this guy was a perverted old lecher, sexually harassing female students at will, and spreading Ren Amamiya's 'criminal record' and delinquent rumors throughout the school, causing most students to be wary of Ren Amamiya. Even when news leaked, the school principal and leaders merely suppressed it using their authority because Kamoshida brought benefits to the school.

When the first victim appeared in the game, the indignation this oppression generated reached its peak. Unable to get the girl named Ann Takamaki in the game, Suguru Kamoshida targeted her friend, directly causing her to jump from a building. "He's truly a piece of trash!" Zhang Yi watched Suguru Kamoshida, triumphant in front of Ren Amamiya and Ryuji Sakamoto, wishing he could crawl into the game and punch this jerk hard. "Trash... No, calling him trash is giving him too much credit!" Zhang Yi quickly corrected himself. When he played Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, he called Genichiro Ashina 'Scumichiro'. But compared to this guy, Genichiro Ashina was incomparably grand; at least Genichiro sacrificed everything for Ashina, he had his own faith and persistence. But this Suguru Kamoshida was different; he could only be described as utterly disgusting. Infiltrate the Palace, find the Treasure, and make him pay the price.

This was Zhang Yi's current thought. Just then, the gaming pod's call button rang. "Almost three hours?" Zhang Yi climbed out of the game, bewildered, as Wang Han called him for dinner. Three hours already? He hadn't felt anything!

"Nonsense. How's the new game? Fun? What content did you experience?" Wang Han asked with some curiosity. "Mmm... it's pretty fun. As for progress... I'm probably still in the newbie village." Zhang Yi thought for a moment. Besides Ryuji Sakamoto awakening, he seemed to have only entered Palaces twice so far and was just about to go for a third time. Other than that, it was just classes, part-time jobs, and investigating information, and nothing else. But somehow, all this content had unwittingly stolen his time? He hadn't even touched the Persona collection system yet!

But before that, he had something even more important to do. "*Cough cough*... I have an immature suggestion..." Zhang Yi lightly coughed twice, sitting at the dining table, looking at Wang Han who was serving dinner. "Hmm?" Wang Han was a little surprised. "When Ghost and Roach were betrayed by Shepherd, when Arthur Morgan knew Micah sold out the gang, when you knew Fontaine was the true mastermind, did you muster all your strength to eliminate these hateful characters immediately to sate your resentment, unable to sleep at night if you didn't?" Zhang Yi tried to make Wang Han understand his thoughts.

Wang Han put down her chopsticks and looked thoughtfully at the new generation VR gaming pod in the room. She understood. He was hooked on the game and was about to backpedal on his previous words with a laugh, wasn't he? But Wang Han wasn't angry; instead, she smiled: "Meals?"

"I'll make them!"

"Dishes, chopsticks, clothes?"

"I'll wash them!"

"Floor, table?"

"I'll wipe them!"

"Time?"

"Three months!"

"Deal!"

Zhang Yi, who had signed a series of treaties, finished his meal and scurried towards the kitchen with his dishes. Although he had taken over almost all the household chores, he didn't regret it at all, having traded it for game time. The thought of finally taking down Suguru Kamoshida made him feel it was all worth it.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>