Chapter 240: Various Player Speculations (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

The message posted on Chen Xu and Nebula Games' official Weibo account was very simple.

It was just a character concept art piece.

However, the character in this concept art was not a regular human, but a dragon.

Four-legged with two wings, its head bore massive white horns extending outwards. Its body was enormous, densely covered with menacing and lethal spikes, sending shivers down one's spine. Huge wings folded over its shoulders, and its dark black and dark purple scales revealed the dragon's ferocity.

The entire design was incredibly imposing and full of oppressive power.

Below the image, Chen Xu also posted a block of text describing the creature.

'Nergigante: A large Elder Dragon species monster, characterized by countless sharp black spikes growing all over its body and extremely thick, sturdy horns. It possesses an exceptionally strong desire to attack and a ferocious, violent temperament, an Elder Dragon species with overwhelming power.'

'Furthermore, the Nergigante possesses incredible regenerative abilities. To sustain these, it requires vast amounts of energy. Thus, the Nergigante seeks to prey on monsters imbued with high-purity energy, though in reality, all living creatures are targets for its predation. This characteristic has led to the legend of the “Elder Dragon that Destroys All,” hence its name, “Nergigante.”'

Beneath the official Weibo post, many players were stunned.

Because generally speaking, shouldn't the promotional focus of a game be on its protagonist?

How is this a dragon?

Could it be that in the new game, players will take on the role of this entity called Nergigante?

If we go by the Nergigante's description, does that mean this game involves controlling this monster, the Nergigante, to hunt various creatures everywhere?

Big fish eats small fish?

What's going on?

Seeing Chen Xu's Weibo post, many players were somewhat bewildered.

“What's going on? What exactly is Chen Xu's new game? He released one piece of concept art, and it's impossible to guess!”

“See? I told you! Mr. Chen is getting better and better at fooling people! Back when he attended the gameplay Expo, there was at least a decent promotional trailer, but now he's just fobbing us off with a single piece of concept art!”

“It's time to bring out that meme again!”

“Bro upstairs, Mr. Chen has too many memes. Are you talking about this one (Warm and heartwarming, Warrior of Love.jpg), or this one? (Will you Link the Fire?.jpg) Or maybe this one? (It's being made, almost ready for release.jpg).”

“23333333, Mr. Chen has too many memes!”

“I seriously suspect Mr. Chen is fooling us again, just like before, and he hasn't even created a folder for this yet!”

“By the way, I have a bold, but not necessarily correct, speculation: could the new game be a Souls series title? Telling the story before the Linking of the Fire, since Gwyn, the Witch, and others defeated the Elder Dragons, but it's completely unknown how they did it. And this Nergigante could very well be one of the Elder Dragons. In the new game, we'd control an Elder Dragon to fight against Gwyn, Nito, and the Witch in their prime.”

“Bro, your speculation is too bold, and definitely incorrect! Didn't you notice? This dragon's art style is completely different from the Dark Souls series! Dark Souls' art style leans towards European and American dark fantasy realism, but this Nergigante clearly has an Eastern-flavored fantasy realism style, so it's definitely not a Dark Souls series game!”

Following Chen Xu's Weibo post, many players engaged in various speculations.

However, Chen Xu soon released a second piece of concept art.

The content was very simple: still the Nergigante from before, but this time, a human appeared in the same scene.

It was a Hunter wielding a Long Sword longer than himself, clad in armor, confronting the Nergigante.

Simultaneously, with this concept art, players finally understood the name of the new game: *Monster Hunter: World*.

With the release of this second concept art, it obviously brought more content and encouraged more players to join the discussion.

“Monster Hunter? Holy cow, is this a hunting game!?”

“Wait! A hunting game? Does that mean this Nergigante guy is what we'll be hunting in the game!?”

“It can't really be a Souls-like game, can it?”

“My feelings are very mixed right now!”

“So, it's changed from 'Will you Link the Fire?' to 'Will you hunt?'”

“The first concept art was a dragon, and the second only showed a hunter. Don't you think that's a hint? A hint that the dragon is the protagonist, and the hunters we play are the prey?”

“I think it's possible. Look at the game title, do you think it could be interpreted like this? 'Monsters (noun) Hunt (verb) Humans (noun)'”

“Holy moly, interpreting Monster Hunter like that is insane, but I have to admit, it's truly vivid!”

When many players saw this second concept art, the impression of 'suffering' immediately came to mind.

Especially after encountering Seath the Scaleless, the Nameless King riding a dragon, and Black Dragon Kalameet in previous games.

Many players thought, 'Damn it, this can't be another Souls-like game, can it?'

After all, Nebula Games' previous big titles were just the two *Dark Souls* games!

Many players online were a little excited, and a little scared, about this.

After all, *Dark Souls* had indeed left a profoundly deep impression on them.

Including 'Will you Link the Fire, big bro?', that phrase has already become a meme.

Of course, there were also more masochistic players, who at this moment were cheering with delight, even if it was no longer a story about linking the fire.

But isn't hunting the same?

“It's here, it's here, the Souls-like game is here!”

“It's finally here! Do you know how I've spent this year? If I'm not tormented, I don't feel right!”

“I'm a little impatient now; I heard it seems to use Nebula Games' latest AI technology!”

“So, the previous 'Death Mode' felt like there was a little improvement, but no real difference, right?”

Many players were extremely excited.

However, at this moment, to many people's surprise, Chen Xu posted another Weibo update.

'I've taken note of the players' enthusiasm online, but here I want to state that *Monster Hunter: World* is not a Souls-like game. It is a pure cooperative hunting game.'

'The main gameplay involves using various weapons, traversing through jungles with your Hunter companions to hunt dragon-like creatures, collecting their materials to forge better weapons and armor, and ultimately uncovering the truth about the Elder Dragons.'

'Therefore, I emphasize again: *Monster Hunter: World* is not what you call a Souls-like game. So, players looking forward to a Souls-like experience, you might be disappointed.'

Inside Nebula Games, Chen Xu read the various online comments and posted an official Weibo update to clarify.

It was very necessary to clarify the online discussions among players.

After all, as a designer full of passion and care for his players, he certainly had to clear up any misunderstandings!

If players thought *Monster Hunter: World* was a Souls-like game, only to find it completely different from what they expected after starting, how disappointed would they be!

Same old~

(End of Chapter)