Chapter 415: Where Did My Time Go? (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Next, Song Ren didn't immediately rush to find the shrines, but instead controlled Link to wander around.

In the nearby swamp, Song Ren discovered two treasure chests.

Just then, using the newly learned Magnesis power, he moved some iron boxes and iron plates to build a bridge across the swamp, and after opening the treasure chests, he obtained several elemental arrows.

At the same time, under a nearby rock, he unexpectedly discovered another Korok.

Accompanied by the enchanting sound of ‘Ya-ha-ha,’ he once again harvested a Korok Seed.

Exploring the Great Plateau bit by bit, Song Ren realized that this game, though seemingly devoid of NPCs and feeling desolate,

actually had a lot of content. In a nearby forest, he met the old man again and learned hunting skills.

Meanwhile, in a valley, he encountered a Stone Talus BOSS.

The opponent was like a small mountain, and his attacks felt like mere tickles.

Song Ren's first life in the game was lost to this guy.

And it was an instant kill; one punch and those three red hearts were gone.

However, after a bit of contemplation, Song Ren quickly discovered the Stone Talus BOSS's weakness.

Namely, on this BOSS's body, there was a protruding black rock.

If he hit it with a wooden club, the damage wasn't very high.

But in the shrine level for Magnesis power he had cleared earlier, he had obtained a large iron hammer from a treasure chest.

With that, he could knock off a lot of the Stone Talus's health.

Of course, there was also a monster that Song Ren found most challenging: In an abandoned ruin, he encountered some statues called Guardians.

These statues could shoot laser-like beams, instantly killing him.

Even using the shield looted from a Bokoblin, one hit would shatter the shield, and the second hit would kill him.

As for attacking, he felt the opponent had absolutely no weakness.

After dying three times consecutively, Song Ren learned his lesson and avoided them.

He figured this might not be something he could handle at his current stage.

Wandering all over the Great Plateau, Song Ren was having a blast.

“This game is really quite fun!”

Song Ren couldn't help but exclaim.

At this moment, he had just unlocked a new ability called Remote Bomb power.

He could throw out square or circular remote bombs.

And now, he was bomb fishing.

Hmm… literally bomb fishing.

Throwing bombs into the pond, and then detonating them, he could see many fish stunned and floating on the surface of the lake, ready for the taking.

Facing these Hylian fish, bellies up and eyes rolled back, he simply touched them and tucked them into his four-dimensional pocket.

While happily bomb fishing here, Song Ren's phone in his pocket vibrated.

“Holy cow! Where did my time go?!”

Looking at the caller ID and time on his phone, Song Ren's eyes widened, and he froze.

It was almost three o'clock?

He had already been playing for over two hours?

The key was that he felt he hadn't done much at all; he had only cleared three shrines!

It wasn't just Song Ren; other players who immediately started playing The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild had the same feeling.

How did time just slip away unnoticed?

They said they'd play for half an hour to experience the game's quality.

How did it get dark before they knew it?

Most crucially, they felt they hadn't even *done* anything significant in the game!

They hadn't even left the Great Plateau in the early stages, and several hours had already vanished?

………………

“No way! I bombed for almost an hour, and all I got were a few springs and gears!”

Zhang Yi, lying on the sofa in the room, had a completely despairing expression on his face. Wang Han, who was also holding a Switch and exploring Hyrule, curiously leaned over.

She saw a destroyed Guardian on Zhang Yi's Switch screen, and his Link was holding a bomb.

“You didn't just bomb it for an hour, did you?” Wang Han looked at Zhang Yi with a speechless expression.

She had also encountered this monster before, but after being instantly killed twice, she wisely left.

Seeing Zhang Yi's posture, he had literally bombed it to death using Remote Bomb power!

“I thought it would drop some divine weapon. I'm so stupid, really.”

“I only knew this monster was powerful and shot lasers; I didn't know it wouldn't drop any weapons…”

Zhang Yi was filled with despair. He had already scavenged plenty of springs and gears from the abandoned Guardians near the dilapidated shrines.

Facing this Guardian, most players, after realizing how powerful they were, would avoid provoking them.

But he was different.

Thinking that The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild had no level system, it seemed to be purely about weapon attack power, and there were no equipment attribute requirements or anything like that.

So he thought, if he defeated this monster and it dropped that laser weapon, wouldn't he just waltz through the early game?

Forget about Wild Boar-like monsters; when he got a laser weapon and went 'pew pew pew,' he'd be invincible.

So, after obtaining Remote Bomb power, with great perseverance, he slowly whittled it down to death, bomb by bomb.

And now, his mentality had collapsed!

“Your perseverance…” Wang Han was also speechless.

“Also, just in case you don't know, I've already seen players in the chat group figure out how to defeat this monster; it's like the Longsword's Foresight Slash in Monster Hunter: World. In the game, Link can use a Perfect Guard to deflect the laser back, and it dies in one hit.” Wang Han's words mercilessly struck Zhang Yi's already fragile heart once again.

With the launch of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, unlike VR games which are not easy to play and share simultaneously,

as a game on the Switch, many players were taking screenshots and posting while playing, or discussing their in-game discoveries in chat groups.

While many players were still wandering aimlessly on the Great Plateau, there were also many players actively pushing through the story. These story-driven players quickly reached the game's first village, Kakariko Village.

Along the way, they would encounter shrines, which would teach players about aspects of the combat system.

For example, Perfect Guard, Link Time after dodging, and so on.

Of course, even without visiting these shrines, players could still use these abilities; they just wouldn't know about them.

Among these actions, Link Time after dodging was the easiest for players to naturally perform, because many players would instinctively dodge when fighting monsters.

However, many players didn't know about Perfect Guard, and Zhang Yi was clearly one of them.

“Don't say anymore… I'm mentally exhausted. Let me just take a breather.” Looking at the Switch in his hands, Zhang Yi suddenly felt a bit of weariness.

The first time I played, it wasn't even localized~ When facing the Guardians, I just wanted to blow them up with bombs. In the ruins next to the shrine, I'd climb a wall, throw a bomb, then jump down to dodge the laser… Of course, I eventually gave up, because after taking almost a quarter of its health, one mistake and I'd get hit by the laser…
(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>