Chapter 50: The Eerie Mount Massive Asylum

'2333333, Big Bro Sun seems to be having a little trouble breathing.'

'Haha, everyone stop talking, Big Bro Sun is in a difficult situation.'

'Horror games are as easy as breathing for me.'

'Hahaha, someone quickly bring Big Bro's breathing machine, Big Bro is having difficulty breathing!'

'Don't panic, Big Bro. If it's difficult, let's just stop streaming. We understand you.'

'What do you guys know? Big Bro is just creating streaming effects!'

Even though he was streaming a horror game, and it had only just begun for a few minutes.

The bullet comments in the live streaming room were as lively as a festival.

Watching the bullet comments, Sun Yixie felt a little embarrassed at this moment.

This game was completely different from what he understood horror games to be!

The atmosphere, the visuals, the sense of immersion they brought were simply too strong.

It even felt to him that it wasn't any weaker than a VR game.

This was mainly due to the unique characteristics of horror games.

From a psychological perspective, when players maintain focus on a game, they can achieve a super high level of immersion.

Other games generally allow players to slowly immerse themselves through stories, music, and so on.

But horror games are different.

Players know very well that they will be scared in such games, but they don't know where or when the scares will come.

Coupled with the music and scene atmosphere, this inherently keeps players continuously focused on the game.

Similarly, this also happens in FPS games.

This is also why players feel very tired playing these types of games for extended periods.

Because these games require players to maintain a high level of concentration.

He looked at the game screen, then at the bullet comments beside it.

Sun Yixie slowly moved his chair backward, then pulled the mouse and keyboard away, placing them on his lap and a small stool beside him.

He tried to create some distance, hoping to feel more relaxed.

Of course, the effect this had was various sarcastic comments from the live streaming room's bullet comments.

It also made playing the game a bit inconvenient for him.

More importantly, Sun Yixie found that this didn't bring any change to him at all.

Instead, because the distance was increased, it created an illusion that there were people beside and behind him.

After squeezing through a gap in the wall and crawling into a ventilation duct, he glanced at the bullet comments on the secondary monitor, and felt really uncomfortable playing.

Sun Yixie subconsciously looked around the room, his voice growing louder as he tried to bolster his courage.

"Damn it! What's there to be afraid of, I swear!"

"Hmph! What's there to panic about?!"

"Does panicking help?"

"Damn it, don't I still have to walk through it step by step?"

"What's the point of panicking?"

"I'm not scared at all!"

After crawling out of the ventilation duct, Sun Yixie discreetly swallowed a mouthful of saliva, looking at the blood-stained walls around him.

At this moment, he had controlled his in-game character to an ajar door. Unprepared, he pushed it open.

The next moment, the game's music instantly became sharp and urgent, and at the same time, a hanging corpse from behind the door suddenly swung towards the game's protagonist.

It instantly filled the entire game screen.

Both the game's protagonist and Sun Yixie outside the game let out a sharp scream together.

"AAAAAAH!"

The sudden shock made Sun Yixie "bloom a second time," repeating his previous action of covering his face.

Breathing heavily, Sun Yixie clearly felt his heart pounding.

Thump-thump, thump-thump, strong and powerful.

This was all from being scared by the recent scene.

"Damn it, damn it! It's fine if I scream, but why are *you* screaming?!" Sun Yixie, hearing the protagonist's gasps through his headphones, tried to change the subject.

It might sound unbelievable, but when he screamed just now, besides the sudden door jump scare, the main reason was that the in-game protagonist screamed first.

Startled, he instinctively and involuntarily followed suit after hearing the game's protagonist scream.

His shins, unseen by the camera, were trembling slightly under the table. Sun Yixie felt the clothes on his back were soaked with the cold sweat he had just broken out in.

One hand on his chest, Sun Yixie slowly took two deep breaths.

Looking at the game screen, he hesitated for a moment. On camera, he stood up, then lowered the air conditioning temperature slightly and took out a hooded down jacket from the nearby cabinet.

"Brothers, the air conditioning is a bit too cold, I'm going to put on some clothes." While saying this, Sun Yixie put on the down jacket, then put on the hood, and finally put his headphones over the hood.

Seeing Sun Yixie's actions, the audience in the live streaming room naturally and simultaneously started flooding the bullet comments.

'??????????'

'Big Bro Sun is great, Big Bro Sun wearing a hat is just because his head is cold, not because he's scared.'

'Exactly, horror games are like breathing for Big Bro Sun, would Big Bro Sun be scared?'

'Don't panic, Big Bro Sun, we know you're not scared.'

Watching the bullet comments in the live streaming room turn sarcastic, Sun Yixie was exasperated but couldn't find any reason to refute them.

Fully "armored," Sun Yixie replaced a dead battery in his camera and continued exploring.

Entering the room, all he saw was smashed and destroyed furniture, blood everywhere on the floor and walls, and unidentified corpses on the floor and in cabinets, with all their heads missing.

In night vision mode, the ghastly green display added an even more horrifying and eerie atmosphere to the entire game.

At the very least, he didn't even dare to glance at the corpses and dismembered limbs on the floor.

'Hurry!'

Just as Sun Yixie reached the middle of the room, one of the 'corpses' suddenly spoke.

On camera, Sun Yixie shivered, his normally squinting eyes widened, but this time, he didn't scream out loud.

"Damn it! People scaring people can scare them to death!"

Following the sound, he saw that the speaker was a man impaled on rebar, like a skewer.

'Hurry... hurry... run!'

'Those people killed us... all of us... before they find you... hurry...'

'Run out of... this building...'

After saying this, the dying man fell silent. Clearly, this character was just a messenger in the game; there was no need for him to live after delivering his lines.

But at this moment, Sun Yixie had no intention of investigating the secrets of Mount Massive Asylum.

He only had one thought: run!

Because the scene and atmosphere were simply too oppressive.

Everything was filled with eeriness and unease.

Why did he have to play this game? Why did he have to explore this asylum?!

"Damn it, let me go! Let me go!"

Using the camera's night vision function, Sun Yixie left the oppressive dark room and arrived in a relatively well-lit corridor.

However, what he didn't notice was a dark shadow flashing by from a nearby door as he entered the corridor.

(End of chapter)