Chapter 263: You Call This a Normal Player? (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

“I won't go into detail about the preparations; it's just about eating Felyne Canteen meals with your desired stats, equipping the appropriate weapons and armor, and bringing auxiliary items.”

After eating a Felyne Canteen meal at the Hunter's Astera Base, Chen Xu spoke with the Investigator who was still eating there, and then arrived at the Sector 11 camp in the Wildspire Waste.

Then, under the watchful eyes of the live stream room's players, Chen Xu ran all the way towards the Diablos's nest.

Sliding down the steep slope at the entrance, he could just see the awakened Diablos running outwards, seemingly looking to forage for some cacti.

“This time, the luck is pretty good. Seeing the Diablos just at the slope, we can use the slope to enter Spirit Gauge State. Most players should know this, right?” Chen Xu said in a very calm tone.

Through the live stream's screen, players watched the hunter controlled by Chen Xu slide down, then, just as he was about to approach the Diablos, he leaped up, simultaneously slashing the Diablos with his Long Sword, landing and following up with a Spirit Roundslash.

The Long Sword's first White Blade was activated.

Encountering the sudden attack, the Diablos let out a roar, immediately performing a two-hit horn thrust that sent the accompanying Palico flying.

“Generally speaking, if you have high confidence in your own skills, not bringing a Palico will actually increase your effective damage output, because monsters often transfer their aggro to the Palico.”

“And at this time, if you're a Great Sword, Long Sword, or Charge Blade player, when using True Charged Slash, Helm Breaker, or Super Amped Element Discharge, it's very easy to miss your ultimate.”

“Of course, what I'm demonstrating for everyone now is a normal Long Sword player's Diablos hunting journey, so we'll still bring a Palico because it can greatly increase our margin for error, and its healing is also very useful.”

“These two consecutive horn attacks have a very long flinch, which is a good time to sneak in some damage. A Diagonal Slash combined with a Spirit Roundslash can save two slashes and activate the Long Sword's second Yellow Blade.”

In the game, Chen Xu narrated while controlling the Long Sword-wielding hunter to attack the Diablos.

Amidst his casual talk, the Long Sword had already activated two layers of its Spirit Gauge.

Countless hunters in the live stream room, especially Long Sword users, were instantly bewildered.

‘What? Two layers of Spirit Gauge already?!’

‘A normal Long Sword player's Diablos hunting journey? Mr. Chen, do you perhaps misunderstand the word “normal”?’

‘Not bringing a Palico, is that a death wish for me?’

‘Oh, stop arguing, don't you think it looks easy? Isn't this just the Long Sword's normal mode?’

The bullet comments in the live stream room were flooding the screen.

At this point, Chen Xu in the game continued his demonstration.

The Diablos in front of him turned its head, its feet began pawing the ground as it burrowed into it.

“This is the Diablos's burrowing attack. Pay attention here: only the first hit of Foresight Slash grants immunity. Subsequent hits only provide hyper armor, not invincibility, though there will be some damage reduction. So, when facing a burrowing attack, it's best not to use Foresight Slash, as you can easily lose health if you're not proficient.”

Chen Xu spoke while demonstrating in the game.

The moment the Diablos burst from the ground, the hunter in the game retreated, then with a 'ding' sound accompanied by a flash of purple light, successfully performed a Long Sword Foresight Slash followed by a Spirit Roundslash to activate Red Blade. However, the hunter's health still dropped by one segment, but at this moment, the Palico kindly offered a honey bug, replenishing the health.

“Dragon Charge is similar to burrowing, but unlike burrowing, adjusting the angle correctly for Dragon Charge has a higher chance of taking no damage. Additionally, the Diablos's dragon roar can actually be countered, but you need to pay attention to its head's wind-up animation. However, it's not recommended for normal Long Sword players to Foresight Slash the dragon roar, as the benefit is disproportionate to the risk. It's best to adjust your angle to Foresight Slash the Dragon Charge or a regular head thrust attack.”

As Chen Xu spoke, the Diablos in the game happened to throw its head back and roar. At that moment, the hunter in the game unleashed a Foresight Slash, perfectly parrying the dragon roar, becoming immune to the stun effect, and following up with a Spirit Roundslash.

A streak of crimson light flowed across the Long Sword's blade.

Meanwhile, the players watching the live stream were now dumbfounded.

‘This... it's Red Blade already?!’

‘No, Mr. Chen, are you sure you're here today to teach Long Sword, and not to show off your skills?’

‘Who can learn this?! If that Foresight Slash fails, wouldn't we just cart home?!’

‘Thank you, Mr. Chen, I've already failed to learn!’

‘My goodness, you can actually Foresight Slash dragon roars and Dragon Charges? As a professional Long Sword player, I'm only just finding this out!’

‘I'm numb!’

‘+1, I'm completely stunned! Am I what you call a normal player?’

The surrounding players, especially those who played Long Sword, were all in tears.

Was this still the Long Sword they knew?

Why did it go straight to Red Blade so quickly?

And this Foresight Slash, even if successful, still takes damage. This little trick is completely useless to them!

And Foresight Slashing a dragon roar, what the heck is Foresight Slashing a dragon roar? How can anyone react in time for that?!

“Besides that, making good use of items is also very crucial. Don't overlook these items. And I believe most people probably haven't even tried capturing BOSSes, just directly killing them, right? Taking the Diablos as an example, after it burrows, you can use a Screamer Pod to force it out, and at that time, the Diablos will have a long flinch period, allowing Long Sword players to safely enter Spirit Gauge State.” Chen Xu explained.

After creating some distance, the Diablos in front began frantically pawing the ground with its thick forelegs.

But just as it completely burrowed underground, Chen Xu controlled the hunter in the game to switch to the Slinger, then launched the pre-loaded Screamer Pod.

Then, the once ferocious Diablos was seen rolling around on the ground, letting out sounds of painful wailing.

As if whimpering.

At this moment, the hunter in the game retreated, then performed a Helm Breaker!

The Long Sword-wielding hunter stabbed the Diablos's wing. Even with its thick hide and scales, the Diablos was slashed, sending blood and gore splattering.

At the same time, the hunter stomped on the Diablos's massive body, leaping into the air. The Long Sword was raised high and descended like a meteor, savagely striking the Diablos's head.

“Clang!!”

A sharp clang of metal echoed as a dazzling blade flash instantly erupted from the hunter's Long Sword, cutting downwards and severing one of the Diablos's thick great horns in two!

Accompanying the hunter's attack, the Diablos let out another bellow, then crashed to the ground, its legs thrashing as it struggled with all its might.

The hunter's movements in the game remained very fluid: Spirit Roundslash to enter Spirit Gauge State, then another Helm Breaker.

Finally, the Diablos, covered in blade wounds and with one of its massive horns severed, struggled to get up and tried to escape.

Following closely, he arrived in the second area, where he once again performed a Helm Breaker, deeply piercing the Diablos's body, then slicing it in two from top to bottom.

A cold glint flashed, and the sword was sheathed.

The screen displayed the 'Hunt Successful' notification.

Cool, very cool!

However, the audience in the live stream room fell silent.

Is this something they could learn?!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>