Chapter 113: Found a Great Treasure

Speaking confidently, with his hands on the keyboard and mouse, Zhang Yi officially began his journey of Linking the Fire.

He was quite excited at the moment.

Nebula Games was one of his favorite game developers.

Although the games it released were a bit tormenting, for instance, *Overcooked* had him washing dishes until today, and *Valiant Hearts: The Great War*, which had recently wrung many tears from him.

But you had to admit, these games all touched the players' hearts.

This *Dark Souls* before him, as Nebula Games' first major title, made him incredibly excited.

A world of despair passing on the fire of hope, just thinking about it was thrilling.

Although it might also wring many tears from him, what did it matter?

He was ready.

In the game, on the path ahead, there were many incomprehensible symbols resembling bloodstains.

Zhang Yi was not unfamiliar with this, because during the previous online live press conference, Chen Xu had already introduced this special system.

Players could also leave in-game messages in various scenes across the game map.

This was a major feature of *Dark Souls*; simply put, it was a message board.

Of course, leaving messages had certain format restrictions, and the content left would also undergo special review.

If bad remarks were left, a warning would be issued, and players who repeatedly violated this would be banned from using online features.

Looking at the system's in-game messages now present in the game, Zhang Yi performed various operations according to the prompts.

Rolling, light attack, heavy attack...

Unlike the flashy attack styles of other games.

*Dark Souls* gave him a very weighty feeling.

Rolling, cleaving, and the feedback from directly striking stone were all quite powerful.

The only thing Zhang Yi found uncomfortable was how quickly the stamina bar depleted.

One roll, a few slashes, and it was gone.

Running also consumed stamina.

It was a bit unsatisfying!

But Zhang Yi didn't mind, because he figured he'd get upgrades or equipment that increased stamina later.

After all, he was just a blank slate character now.

Soon, on his way forward, he encountered the first mob.

Like a Skeleton Soldier, a creature called a Hollow.

But it was very easy to deal with; he just took his Small Club and smacked it twice.

The opponent's health bar was instantly depleted.

"This mob is so easy! But does this game not have a mini-map?" Wang Han, next to him, occasionally offered her opinion.

Zhang Yi, who was playing, was also a bit puzzled.

Because even though he had just started the game, he already felt the difference between *Dark Souls* and other games.

There was no difficulty setting before entering the game, and these mobs were way too easy to deal with, right?

No challenge at all.

As for the mini-map, though he wasn't used to it, he also had a guess.

"It's probably not at a plot point yet. We should encounter an NPC later who will give us a map," Zhang Yi voiced his thoughts.

Continuing forward to a fountain-like area, he spotted a corpse, and from it, Zhang Yi obtained a blue potion.

"Estus Flask? Orange for health, blue for magic, like Fruit Pulpy Orange and Mizone," Zhang Yi said, looking at the description of the Estus Flask.

"Who renames things so randomly?" Wang Han next to him was speechless. But she had to admit, it did sound quite catchy and fitting?

He continued to push forward, and along the way, there were also in-game messages on the ground teaching players knowledge like how to raise their shields.

It was essentially a beginner's tutorial instruction.

Weapon arts, dual-wielding, and other basic operations were all learned here.

All along the way were small foot soldiers, slow-moving and stiff-actioned, and exceptionally fragile.

The Small Club that the Deprived started with could usually defeat them in two hits, and the Small Wooden Shield for defense was also very effective.

"What kind of 'difficult' game is this?" Wang Han, next to him, watched Zhang Yi slaughtering Hollow mobs in the game, and felt a bit depressed thinking about the "High Difficulty" tag on the store page.

She wasn't really going to sit there all afternoon, was she?

Hearing his girlfriend's complaint, Zhang Yi chuckled: "No choice, my skills are just this good. It's hard to even die!"

After slaying all the common soldiers, the souls in the bottom right corner kept increasing.

Although he didn't know what it was, Zhang Yi guessed it was either in-game currency or an experience bar.

But he didn't know its purpose yet.

He continued forward, as the chilly sunlight shone down, the rugged mountain path presented two forks.

One led directly to the edge of a cliff, and there was a giant, half-open stone gate, with the surrounding buildings in ruins, clearly having stood for some years.

The small path on the right was a winding sheep trail.

"The cliff side should be the main story path after all; this winding sheep trail probably hides collectible items."

As an experienced gamer, Zhang Yi quickly analyzed the different characteristics of the two paths.

After all, he hadn't played games for so many years for nothing; he had the experience he ought to have.

"My intuition tells me there's definitely a big treasure in here!" Zhang Yi said smugly, glancing at his girlfriend next to him.

Wang Han rolled her eyes: "Rare treasures usually have guardian spirits beside them; with your tiny arms and legs, you'd probably die on the spot."

"How could that be? Even if there are monsters, they should only be slightly stronger than the Hollows before." Zhang Yi felt very relaxed; after all, his experience of easily crushing Hollows earlier had given him immense confidence.

As he went deeper, the rugged path was overgrown with dry vines, and at the same time, Zhang Yi found an in-game message on the ground ahead.

He opened it, and it read three words: 'Turn back!'

Turn back?

Turning back was impossible; since he had come all this way, shouldn't he go in and take a look?

Directly ignoring this in-game message, Zhang Yi continued forward.

Passing through a puddle, he arrived at a place similar to a cave.

Not far away, a huge Crystal Lizard was lying there.

When he saw this giant Crystal Lizard, Zhang Yi's eyes widened.

Because this thing was truly enormous.

"You really seem to have found a big treasure," Wang Han's voice appeared at the right moment.

At this moment, the Crystal Lizard also seemed to have discovered an uninvited guest in its territory; it stood up from the ground, staring menacingly at Zhang Yi in the game.

"No big deal, this should just be a minor elite monster; its health bar is so short, watch me smash it to death with two club hits!" Zhang Yi took a deep breath, but as he said it, he started believing himself.

Right, the health bar is so short!

It definitely wasn't a BOSS; maybe it just looked strong but was weak inside?

Thinking this, Zhang Yi bravely charged forward with his Small Club and broken Small Wooden Shield.

(Sigh, I'm really short... but still shamelessly asking for recommendation votes, monthly passes...)

(End of this chapter)