Chapter 29: Player Discussions

The next day, in Nebula Games' office, Chen Xu handed over the completed Concept Drafts, along with the character design requirements for main characters like Johnny, Liva, Eva, and Neil, to Yang Xin and Ruan Ningxue.

Looking at the design concept drafts and the script within, Yang Xin and Ruan Ningxue were both somewhat moved.

However, this was clearly not the time to immerse themselves in the game's story, so both raised the questions they had.

“Isn’t it a sci-fi game? Mr. Chen, the core theme is clearly love!” Ruan Ningxue was full of questions, even changing her way of addressing him.

“Yeah, what happened to the sci-fi part?” Yang Xin echoed.

In the meeting room yesterday, Chen Xu had described the background to them.

It involved going to the moon, and memory modification technology.

The two of them had even discussed it privately, touching upon topics like 'brain in a vat,' dystopia, cyberpunk, and so on.

And now, after receiving the design concept drafts, they finally realized.

Good heavens, they had been completely misled!

This was actually a romance film disguised as sci-fi!

“How is it not sci-fi? Look at this memory modification technology, isn't that sci-fi enough?”

“Later, we can add some sci-fi elements to the background, for example, the car the two doctors drive to Johnny's house, we can make it more sci-fi.”

“And that's not important. What's important is that the game's content can move players' hearts.”

“Alright, alright, everyone get into it! Our time is limited!” Chen Xu lightly coughed twice.

……………………

At the same time, discussions online about this event were gradually heating up.

After all, the deadline was approaching.

For an officially organized event, there was naturally corresponding official promotion.

Meanwhile, some Game Designers participating in the event also promoted it on their own official Weibo accounts.

However, most of them were for PC and mobile games.

Mainly because their development cycles were relatively short.

Some well-known domestic game developers, such as NetDragon, also participated.

Of course, these were not their core studios.

After all, these major publishers owned quite a few studios.

Under these circumstances, many player communities received the news and discussed it enthusiastically.

‘By the way, the [Sci-Fi Game Design Competition] is about to begin!’

‘Sci-Fi Game Design Competition? What's that?’

‘It’s that competition the Game Department took the lead in organizing before.’

‘Oh, that one. I completely forgot about it. Let's forget about this game design competition, what kind of awful games do they even pick?’

‘Exactly! We don't demand something like *Undertale*, but at least something decent, right?’

‘This time it's a bit different from before; players can also participate in the selection. Previously, the main evaluators were the leaders of the Game Department, so games aiming for awards would definitely cater to them.’

‘So this time it's about sharing joy with the people?’

‘Pretty much, that's the general idea. This time it will definitely lean towards the general player base.’

‘I'll remain skeptical, thanks.’

‘But do you think there will be a lot of META games entering this time? META elements have been really popular recently.’

‘Probably not. After all, *Undertale* hadn't even launched when the competition started.’

‘Do you think Chen Xu will participate?’

‘Are you dreaming? Look at the time! If Chen Xu participates, I’ll chop off my privates!’

‘Bro, that's a fierce pledge!’

‘Nonsense! Anyone with half a brain knows it’s impossible! During the period this competition was launched, Chen Xu made *Mirror (Game)* and *Undertale*. Where would he find the time to develop a new game for this event?’

‘Holy crap, bro, your privates are in danger! Quick, check Chen Xu's official Weibo account, he really did participate!’

‘??? What’s going on? You must be joking, right!?’

‘My condolences to the bro above’s privates for a second.’

‘Holy crap, it’s actually true!?’

……………………

*Undertale*, as an Independent Game, exhibited a level of popularity completely unlike a typical independent title.

The main reason was that this game demonstrated what a META element truly was.

Coupled with its impressive sales performance, it directly became a prime example of art and commerce combined.

Naturally, it attracted the attention of countless gaming industry designers.

As for the media, that went without saying.

A regular Game Designer creating such a game — what did that signify?

It signified traffic and hot topics!

Regarding what projects Nebula Games and Chen Xu would develop next.

The opinions of the gaming industry and players were largely consistent.

That it would most likely be a sequel to *Undertale*, or another META game.

But who could have imagined that Chen Xu would publicly state on his official Weibo account that Nebula Games was developing a special game to participate in this event?

As for what kind of special game it was, Chen Xu did not reveal it on the official Weibo account.

However, players, industry designers, and the media weren't too concerned about that.

After all, no matter how special, wasn't it still just a game?

The crucial thing was time!

From the announcement to the game registration deadline, it was only half a month. Could Nebula Games make it in time?

It was clear that, judging by Nebula Games' previous project schedules, the game participating in the competition was definitely not prepared in advance.

After receiving this news, many Game Designers in the industry felt that Nebula Games was treating this competition like child's play.

Zhong Mei, who had been holding back his comments due to *Undertale*'s success, seemed to be constantly watching Chen Xu.

Less than four minutes after this Weibo post went live, he reposted and commented.

‘Temporary success does not equate to lifelong success. Unfortunately, some Game Designers fail to understand this, even treating the official game design competition like child's play. I doubt such a designer's entry would even pass review, would it?’

Clearly, Zhong Mei was being maliciously cunning; after seeing Chen Xu's official Weibo post, he immediately jumped out, wanting to shift the focus away from himself.

While the comments section still featured various sarcastic and snide bullet comments, this time, his statement also garnered some support.

After all, developing a sci-fi game for a competition in just over ten days?

That was simply unreliable!

As for Chen Xu's response to Zhong Mei, it was quite simple.

He posted a screenshot of Zhong Mei deleting his official Weibo account, alongside a ratings and sales chart for *Undertale*, and finally, a meme.

The meme featured a disgusted-looking Bugs Bunny, a recently popular image, staring at a clown. Next to it, Chen Xu added a line of text: 'Don't bother me, I don't want to talk to clowns.'

Seeing Chen Xu's meme response, countless players immediately burst into laughter.

Good heavens, that's truly killing someone's spirit!

No wonder Zhong Mei had such a poor reputation in the gaming world, among both players and industry insiders.

Below this meme, joyful replies from players flooded in.

(End of Chapter)