Chapter 188: Death Mode! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

As *Dark Souls: Age of the First Flame* became a global bestseller, the number of players who completed the game steadily increased.

Compared to its predecessor, this installment, while featuring more malicious map design, surprisingly offered a much better experience for new players once guides became available.

First up was the initial BOSS, the Asylum Demon. In the previous game, there was essentially no “cheese” method for Gundyr the Ash. Even if one chose a Pyromancer or Mage, who could maintain distance with ranged attacks, they still had to be cautious, as Gundyr the Ash had the ability to quickly close the gap. Moreover, the starting burial gift, Black Firebombs, even if all were thrown perfectly, could only push Gundyr the Ash into his second phase, not instantly kill him.

However, *Dark Souls: Age of the First Flame* was different. A plunge attack at the start immediately depleted half of the Asylum Demon's health. If you also chose the Black Firebombs, a few more slashes would finish him off.

Furthermore, unlike its predecessor, where upgrading Estus Flasks was incredibly difficult and required finding Estus Flask Shards piece by piece to increase their quantity, in *Dark Souls: Age of the First Flame*, players could infuse Humanity at a bonfire to increase their Estus Flasks from the initial five to ten. Although each bonfire was independent, Humanity wasn't that hard to farm.

After defeating the Three-Sticker Family in the Catacombs and learning the Fire-kindling technique, the count could even be raised to twenty, significantly improving the player's game experience. Combined with guides from veteran players on how to get the Gravelord Sword and Guandao, players could acquire these high-attack weapons early on. While it was still easy to be killed by monsters and BOSSes if one wasn't careful, compared to the original game where monsters would kill you in two hits and you'd need twenty to kill them, having these weapons made the first playthrough incredibly satisfying.

For many players who had been tormented by the malicious map design, these changes clearly made the game much more enjoyable. To think, this was *Dark Souls*! What kind of experience was it to take down a BOSS in just ten or so hits?

And precisely because of these guides and the availability of powerful early-game weapons, many players who had given up on *Dark Souls* before, surprisingly persevered through the even more malicious settings of the prequel.

In a residential complex in the Imperial Capital, Song Ren, Zhang Yi, and Wang Han were having a get-together, joined by Wang Yifan and Joey, who had been on a business trip and recovering from a leg injury, respectively.

“See? If you want the Gravelord Sword, just roll down here, run all the way inside, be careful with the Wedge Demon – it needs two rolls. Get that item, hide in the coffin, and you’ll need a bit of luck so you don’t get discovered. After entering, sign the covenant with the Gravelord to get the Gravelord Sword. Then use a Bone Shard to return to Firelink Shrine. OK, now it’s simple,” Song Ren demonstrated the early-game strategy to Wang Yifan and Joey.

Although it had been nearly two weeks since the game's launch, both of them had been quite busy and hadn't kept up. Seeing Song Ren’s movements, they couldn't help but praise him: “Brother Song, you’re amazing!”

“Yeah, that movement is so smooth!”

Zhang Yi, standing nearby, scoffed, “Oh please, he’s practiced this technique through countless new save files. He’s a first-playthrough maniac who never does second or third playthroughs. Of course, he’s familiar with it!”

“I call this accumulating strength for a burst. Besides, in second and third playthroughs, the map and everything don't change. Once I’m familiar with all the maps and BOSSes, isn't a high New Game+ run easy then?” Song Ren lightly coughed twice, defending his actions.

“Plus, my first playthroughs are so interesting. Sometimes I play Dexterity, sometimes Strength, and I can even try out a Mage.” Repeatedly challenging the first playthrough, first acquiring the Gravelord Sword, and then starting his Musou performance – that was his routine. Moreover, the game had so many playstyles, not just one. He had also tried a second playthrough, and while reinforced weapons made killing monsters easy, the monster damage instantly spiked. Especially creatures like the Mad Dogs, having two of them attack at once nearly killed him.

Simply put, the second playthrough brought back that familiar feeling, that familiar ‘Souls-like flavor’.

“Hey! The game seems to have updated!? And it’s a pretty big one!” Song Ren, who had just finished demonstrating the Gravelord Sword and was about to quit the game to play *Fall Guys* with everyone – an excellent party game – suddenly noticed something unexpected. *Dark Souls: Age of the First Flame* had actually updated, and the update content was massive.

If it were purely an online game, he wouldn't be too concerned about an update of this size. But the crucial point was that *Dark Souls: Age of the First Flame* was a single-player game! Why had it suddenly updated, and so massively?

“What’s going on? An update?” Hearing Song Ren’s words, Zhang Yi and Wang Han were also taken aback. They gathered around to look at Song Ren’s computer screen.

Curiously, Song Ren clicked on the update version announcement in the Nebula Games store interface for *Dark Souls: Age of the First Flame*.

“*Dark Souls* and *Dark Souls: Age of the First Flame* new gameplay ‘Death Mode’ is newly launched, bringing new challenges to all Undead.”

“That long-lost sword dance and heart-pounding sensation will be felt once again in Death Mode.”

“Do you regret not being able to cross swords with legendary figures like Lord Gwyn, the Lord of Sunlight, Artorias, and the Witch in their prime?”

“Do you wonder what kind of combat power Yhorm the Giant would possess if he hadn't gone mad?”

“The brand-new Death Mode will fulfill the regrets of all Firelinkers. The specific content updates are as follows…”

After reading the entire update list, Song Ren and Zhang Yi mostly understood what this Death Mode was. This brand-new Death Mode was similar to the random mode in the previous game, offering a unique mode for players to experience. However, what was quite surprising was that the previous *Dark Souls* also received this mode, while the new game simultaneously updated a more entertainment-oriented random mode.

This Death Mode was a gameplay similar to an arena. It allowed players to freely challenge specific BOSSes from *Dark Souls*. After defeating these BOSSes, players could obtain special item rewards. There would also be a dedicated leaderboard recording players' clear rankings. Players could choose to go solo or team up in multiplayer, supporting up to three players. According to the description, the BOSSes in this version would incorporate Nebula Games' latest game AI performance technology. Their health and Poise stats would also be enhanced. In team mode, the monster's health would increase proportionally to the number of players.

However, unlike the random mode where players needed to create an entirely new save file, Death Mode required players to use their existing save file. Of course, Death Mode required an always-online connection, and in Death Mode, weapons and stats would undergo some numerical adjustments. Compared to characters with higher levels and weapon reinforcements, a character who had just completed the first playthrough wouldn't be at too much of a disadvantage. Simply put, it relied more on skill than just raw stats.

And unlike the purely entertainment-oriented random mode, Death Mode added a ranking system, which was much more appealing to many players. The first kill list for each BOSS, along with the fastest records, and their corresponding IDs, would be displayed in a corner of Firelink Shrine for later players to view. The entrance to Death Mode was also located there.

(End of Chapter)