Chapter 561: Resident Evil Village Theme Song!? (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Super Mario Maker has been online for a month.

Despite being a platformer game, it has maintained an extremely high level of popularity.

Thanks to the game's unique gameplay, a variety of memes specific to Super Mario Maker have been created among players.

For example, the so-called “cheating,” when facing maps that look very difficult, there are always ways to take a shortcut. This could be due to lax map design, or perhaps a developer's hidden path discovered by players.

Also, in multiplayer mode, most players have read the treatise “Leading Means Working.” If you're far ahead, there will always be a locked door before the finish line and a BOSS waiting for you to defeat.

Additionally, there's “mat competition,” where places that normally require complicated methods to reach become much simpler in multiplayer: you just step on other players' heads to get up. Of course, in one match, only three people get to enjoy this treatment; the remaining person is the Strongest King of mat competition.

Beyond that, there's 'Humanity,' which many players have lamented, especially when the first red-named players to emerge were all masters of disruptive tactics.

And just as many players were still immersed in the 'joyful' atmosphere of Super Mario Maker, Chen Xu unexpectedly updated his official Weibo account again.

Of course, 'again' might not be the right word, as Chen Xu and Nebula Games had previously released some content about Resident Evil Village, but only limited to things like scene concept art.

This time, however, something was different.

'Resident Evil Village Latest Theme Song Sneak Peek!'

Seeing Chen Xu's official Weibo post, players were stunned.

What's going on? A game theme song?

Nebula Games' previous works certainly had many theme songs, such as Red Dead Redemption, but Resident Evil Village is a damn horror game.

The theme song definitely has to fit the game's mood! If it fits the mood, how grim would that tune be?

And generally, shouldn't such soundtracks be purely instrumental? Why add lyrics this time?

Many players, full of curiosity, clicked in and were then completely dumbfounded.

Isn't this style a bit off? Is it too cheerful!? And the melody feels like it's from the last century.

Listening to the melody, many players in front of their computers were taken aback.

They all wondered if they had opened it incorrectly. No problem there! This is indeed Resident Evil Village's theme song, but why is it so strange?

'My (dear) old home, it's right in this village.

I'm a native-born person of this village (ya~).

Don't think the village is small, it has mountains, water, and forests.

Neighbors are harmonious, and the elders and young men are even friendlier.

Many, many things have happened in the village; recalling them brings a special kind of humor.

If friends are interested, I'll take you to meet (hey~~), to meet the people of our village…'

The song essentially ends here, as the following chorus is just a loop of these same lyrics, though with some minor melodic variations.

………………

Listening to this song, many players were completely bewildered.

But you know what, it's actually quite pleasant. And it seems to fit the game's name quite well.

Resident Evil Village, and this song is indeed themed around a village, with a strong rustic flavor.

But, the crucial question is!

What the hell does a cheerful song have to do with Resident Evil Village!?

Although the entire MV video didn't show any high-energy scary scenes. In fact, it even looked blissful and peaceful, with candlelight cottages, a hospitable-looking uncle with glasses, and a noblewoman with incredibly large features that were hard to ignore.

If they didn't really know Resident Evil was a horror game, they would have believed it!

Clearly, Chen Xu did this on purpose!

And from some of the content revealed in this song, some things can be analyzed. That is, unlike the previous Resident Evil game which revolved around Ethan and the Baker family farm, this time the setting is clearly much larger.

It has directly become a village, and the game's title is clearly referenced. Additionally, the game might be divided into different areas, as players can see from this song's MV that the architectural styles in different regions are distinctly varied.

As the song was released, players discussed it animatedly.

“Holy cow, is this really the theme song for Resident Evil Village? I must have pre-ordered a fake horror game!”

“But I actually think the song is pretty good, it has a catchy, almost demonic feel!”

“Speaking of which, based on my understanding of Mr. Chen, and the fact that Resident Evil Village is a horror game, I can confidently say that this song is completely ironic!”

“+1! From the cheerful atmosphere to the lyrics, it should all be the opposite!”

“Damn it, now that you mention it, that's a big problem!”

“'It has mountains, water, and forests' suggests Ethan will face different monsters in different areas, and 'neighbors are harmonious' I think is probably like Undead Burg and Yharnam.”

“Stop, I can already picture it!”

The number of comments under Chen Xu's official Weibo post quickly increased.

Innumerable players were all speculating about the song's intentions with their own ideas, combining it with some visual content from the MV, hoping to deduce some details about Resident Evil Village.

Players were like archaeologists, starting from the lyrics and even the punctuation marks. At the same time, many analyzed the song's melody and style.

Soon, the topic of Resident Evil Village skyrocketed to the top of trending topics online, thanks to this unusual 'MV.'

Meanwhile, countless game companies and designers in the industry were dumbfounded.

Nebula Games' new title topping the trending charts isn't exactly big news. But the key is the *way* it happened.

There's also a very important point: before this, NetDragon had used a blonde loli to pull a stunt and delay a game, garnering immense player attention and hype. Now, Nebula Games is promoting its new title with a specially concocted song MV?

You're all industry-leading game companies! Is it really necessary to go to such lengths!?

Has the gaming industry become so competitive that you have to resort to all sorts of antics to grab player attention for promotion?

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>