## Chapter 351: You Never Know What Your Opponent Is Doing (Please Subscribe)

Song Ren couldn't help but sigh, looking at Zhang Yi and Wang Han, who had both turned into useless persons beside him.

The scene shifted to the cabin of an attack helicopter. After punching each other's chests and with another soldier's thumbs-up, the three of them arrived at the cabin's door.

At this moment, Song Ren turned his head and glanced at the two people next to him.

It had to be said that the details in this game were truly maxed out.

Both Zhang Yi and Wang Han's characters had their eyes closed.

They had clearly switched out of the game screen, either to check the map or system options settings.

"Get ready, I'm jumping!" Song Ren reminded them in the voice channel.

"Don't worry, Old Song, jump! Call me when you land," Zhang Yi responded.

"Same here!" Wang Han added.

Song Ren was speechless for a moment, then opened the map for a look.

He then discovered a very important issue: the planes in the game seemed to fly on random routes.

This particular route was flying from grid 0-D towards the end of grid J-8.

This meant the route passed through a military base, quarry, lumber mill, and stadium.

It was literally miles away from the West Bay Avenue where he wanted to land.

"What should we do? I don don't think we can make that jump!" Song Ren asked.

He had parachuted several times during the pre-match warm-up, so he had some grasp of it. If it was slightly closer, he could open the parachute early, but this location was too far!

"You lead the way, Old Song!"

"We trust you!"

As a useless person with fear of heights, Zhang Yi expressed that he would follow all arrangements. As for Wang Han, she fully demonstrated the attitude of a wife following her husband's lead.

"So why am I even asking you two?" Song Ren pondered while looking at the map. He had originally planned to land in a remote area to figure out the gameplay.

But judging from this flight path, his current area was basically within the safe zone, and there were only a few points with resources.

If he were to jump into the wilderness, he wouldn't even know if supplies would spawn.

After careful consideration, Song Ren finally chose a location called the quarry. It was right on the edge of the safe zone and also along the flight path, but it was relatively secluded, and there weren't many buildings. He felt that even if people jumped there, there wouldn't be many.

Not long after flying past the military base, Song Ren judged the distance was right and parachuted out. Leaping from the plane, Song Ren was in a rapid freefall. It was truly exhilarating.

The whistling wind constantly tearing through the thin clouds, combined with the immersive experience of the new-generation Huanyu VR gaming pod, made him feel as if he was truly skydiving.

Of course, that was because he didn't have fear of heights; otherwise, he would probably be as terrified as playing a horror game.

At a certain distance from the ground, Song Ren opened his parachute and began to descend, scanning his surroundings at the same time.

Six parachutes, two small teams!

However, they weren't all heading in the same direction. He was landing on the second floor of a factory building, while the other two teams, one landed in the mine pit, and the other landed in the building area above the mine pit.

At this moment, Song Ren also noticed that the number of players in the upper right corner, originally 150, had sharply dropped to 141.

Apparently, nine unlucky persons had already been eliminated during this time.

He just didn't know how they died. Did they fail to open their parachutes and fell to their death? Or some other way?

"Old Zhang, don't be useless people anymore; quickly find guns. There are two teams nearby." As he was about to land, Song Ren quickly reminded them in the voice channel.

Zhang Yi's response soon came: "Got it, Old Song. Mark the spot on the map, we'll avoid them and let them fight it out first."

Hearing Zhang Yi, Song Ren also opened his minimap and marked the location where the opponents landed.

Then, everyone began to search the factory building for firearms.

Upon landing, Song Ren found an M13 assault rifle, but unfortunately, it was a white-tier weapon, without any attachments. Song Ren decisively dyed it pink.

This aspect was different from when Warzone was first released in his previous life; Chen Xu had made some modifications. Players could directly dye the guns they picked up with skins they already owned, rather than it being random.

After all, if you couldn't show off to teammates and opponents, wouldn't buying skins feel less satisfying?

"Holy cow, Old Song, why is your gun pink again?" Zhang Yi exclaimed, looking at Song Ren's pink M13, having just picked up a Kilo141 rifle himself.

"If a craftsman wants to do his work well, he must first sharpen his tools. If you don't take good care of your weapons on the battlefield, how can you kill the enemy?" Song Ren said, striking a pose while holding the pink M13.

"Enough talk, give me your Kilo141; I'll help you dye it!" Song Ren hummed.

"You have a skin for this gun too?" Zhang Yi was stunned.

"You should ask me which gun I *don't* have a skin for." Song Ren picked up the Kilo141 that Zhang Yi threw, and dyed it.

A purple gun body, with violet patterns on the gunstock and in the middle of the magazine.

"Old Song, Old Song, do you have a skin for the MP5?" Wang Han also came over, dropping the MP5 she had just picked up.

"What a coincidence? I happen to have a violet one for that too." Song Ren picked up the MP5 and also dyed it with a violet skin.

"I'll get a couple too later. I never paid attention before," Zhang Yi said, playing with his Kilo141 rifle, full of emotion.

In the previous Quick Play mode, the pace was so fast that there was no time to look at guns or anything; it was just bang-bang-bang, and his attention wasn't on that at all.

But now, this Warzone instantly shifted his attention to this aspect. And seriously, these skins were truly exquisite and beautiful!

Hearing Zhang Yi, Wang Han also nodded.

"I'm telling you, it's not just guns. After you die, there's an urn and a tombstone, right? I found a camouflage skin. If you get killed in tall grass, maybe others won't be able to find your box. That way, you can annoy your opponent even after you die." Song Ren started chatting with Zhang Yi and Wang Han.

Why was he late logging in by a few minutes? Wasn't it because he went to buy skins?

Inside the factory building, the three of them slowly looted the rooms while discussing the grand art of skins.

Outside the factory building, the crackling sound of firecrackers had already begun.

Clearly, the two teams outside were already exchanging fire.

Meanwhile, Song Ren had helped Wang Han and Zhang Yi dye two more guns each.

As for the fighting outside?

They had no intention of mediating a fight. While looking for new gun dyes on the map, they moved away in the opposite direction of the gunshots.

Their actions clearly proved one saying: You never know what your opponent in the same match is doing.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>