## Chapter 11: You Don't Even Know Something So Simple? (Seeking recommendation votes!)

"For the professional course this afternoon, I'd like to ask you to serve as an accompanying translator," Professor Shanli said.

Lu Ye glanced at the Japanese translator beside Professor Shanli, who was his academic advisor.

"Don't we already have a translator?"

His academic advisor, Zheng Sheng, mouthed loudly, "What are you just standing there for? Say yes!"

Any guidance from a Pokémon Professor was extremely valuable.

The academic advisor sincerely hoped Lu Ye would have more opportunities to display his talents.

"It's like this..."

Professor Shanli cleared his throat. "It's not that Teacher Zheng's Japanese is poor, but some professional terminology, I believe, deserves careful deliberation."

In the class just now, Lu Ye had left a very deep impression on Professor Shanli.

This also made him want to learn more about this young man.

With that said, Lu Ye nodded and went to the next class with Professor Shanli.

"Can you help me get a few more GPA points?" Lu Ye whispered to his academic advisor beside him.

"You brat! If you seize this opportunity, direct admission to Todai is even possible!"

Lu Ye pouted. "Todai is just so-so. If I wanted direct admission to postgraduate studies, I would have switched to economics a long time ago."

The academic advisor's mouth twitched, and for a moment, he couldn't find a reason to refute.

Over the course of that afternoon, rumors about Lu Ye began to spread throughout the entire grade.

"That handsome translator guy who was with Professor Shanli is so dreamy!"

"Are you dumb! That's Lu Ye, the top student from the Finance Department!"

"Don't you guys know? This afternoon, Professor Shanli made a slip of the tongue, and Lu Ye was the one who corrected it in the translation!"

"I heard Professor Shanli invited Lu Ye to be his graduate student, and he actually refused?"

"Holy cow! Lu Ye's that big of a deal? He doesn't even want the chance for direct admission to postgraduate studies!"

"And it's direct admission to the Pokémon Academy, the flagship program!"

"Isn't this a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to become a Trainer?!"

Rumors were flying around, but Professor Shanli's invitation was not baseless.

Until Professor Shanli concluded his visit for the day, he was still amazed by the knowledge and cultivation of Modu University's students.

Among them, the most satisfying was the handsome young man with excellent cultivation and knowledge.

"Lu Ye, huh..." Professor Shanli murmured to himself.

Recalling Lu Ye's reason for refusing the invitation, the corners of his mouth, usually unsmiling, turned up.

"Doesn't want to be a Trainer?"

"Then coming to my research institute as a researcher would be good too!"

Professor Shanli sighed. "Aside from Cynthia, I've never encountered a young scholar with such extensive research on history."

Cynthia, the Champion of the Sinnoh region, was also a knowledgeable historian and had served as an assistant in Professor Shanli's research institute.

Recalling Lu Ye's confident expression when he spoke about the Sinnoh legends earlier, Professor Shanli murmured.

"If it were the two of them, they would probably have a lot of common topics."

After calming his mood, Professor Shanli wrote a handwritten letter and handed it to the translator beside him.

"Teacher Zheng, please deliver this letter of introduction to Lu Ye."

Professor Shanli nodded.

"If Lu Ye isn't interested in the University of Tokyo... I can recommend him to Tamamushi University for a period of further study."

The academic advisor looked at the letter of recommendation in astonishment, an incredible feeling instantly arising in his heart.

Tamamushi University had always been a sacred place in the hearts of Trainers worldwide!

Especially its Pokémon Academy and Business School, which had cultivated influential figures like Yukinari Oak and the President of Devon Corporation, Steven Stone.

In the world university rankings, Tamamushi University was on par with top Ivy League universities, and even repeatedly surpassed them in Pokémon-related majors!

The academic advisor was excited for Lu Ye. "I will hand it over to him!"

"Please also convey this to him," Professor Shanli said with a smile.

"If he wishes to pursue academics, my research institute will always welcome him!"

In just one afternoon, Lu Ye had left a profound impression on Professor Shanli.

Lu Ye's displayed knowledge and insights into Pokémon evolution alone were enough to amaze Professor Shanli.

And the rumors about the academic ace Lu Ye were still spreading like wildfire throughout Modu University.

In the dormitory, Liang Dayou excitedly elbowed Lu Ye.

"Brother Lu, what exactly did that old man ask you?!"

"Milotic's evolution."

Lu Ye replied indifferently, "And my views on the Red Gyarados phenomenon."

"Holy crap, you know such difficult questions?!"

"Holy crap, you don't even know such simple questions?!"

Lu Ye wondered, shouldn't these questions be known by everyone?

In this world, they could actually be considered major scientific research topics?!

Just then, the academic advisor knocked on the dorm room door, asking Lu Ye to come out.

"This is a letter of introduction from Professor Shanli for you."

The academic advisor swallowed.

"Look closely, this time it's not some ordinary school like Todai!"

"This time it's Tamamushi University, a sacred place in the hearts of Trainers worldwide!"

Hearing the word "Trainer," Lu Ye's hand, which had just picked up the letter of introduction, immediately put it back down.

Lu Ye said seriously, "It's not that I don't want to go to Tamamushi University; it's mainly that I love Modu University deeply."

"Give it a rest!" The academic advisor said, disappointed that Lu Ye wasn't living up to his potential.

"This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to become a Trainer!"

"I'm serious."

Lu Ye's face was full of sincerity, and he even squeezed out tears. "My love for Modu University is profound."

The academic advisor wished he could drown Lu Ye with a mouthful of spit, forcing the letter of introduction into Lu Ye's hand and gnashing his teeth.

"I give up on you! Do whatever you want!"

Looking at the neatly written letter, Lu Ye sighed deeply, then folded it and stuffed it into his pocket.

Back in the dorm.

Liang Dayou, who was reviewing "Criminal Law" by his bedside, rubbed his receding hairline, which made listeners sad and viewers cry, and casually said,

"By the way, Third Brother, why did you refuse Professor Shanli's direct admission to postgraduate studies?"

Lu Ye glanced at "Criminal Law."

"I'm afraid of dying!"

Besides being a Trainer, a researcher was Lu Ye's second most resistant profession.

Have you not seen? Professor Oak, the recognized industry leader, was almost suffocated to death by Muk;

Professor Bill, the foremost person in communication studies, swapped bodies with a Rattata, enacting 'Your Name';

Professor Birch from the Hoenn region is chased and bitten by Zigzagoon everyday...

This isn't an anime; if a person gets hit by Thunderbolt, they will definitely die!

Bloody examples were right before his eyes.

So, Trainers are dangerous, and researchers are even more dangerous!

In the dorm, Tian Youwei, who was expensively dressed and single-mindedly wanted to be a Trainer, was flipping through a paper version of the Pokédex.

"Brother Lu, over in Pudong District, Piplup Company is hosting the 'Piplup Cup' Trainer competition. Are you going to participate?"

"Going there just to feed kills to the Pokémon Academy?"

Liang Dayou scoffed, "Besides, Third Brother doesn't even have a Pokémon; how can he participate?"

"I have a starter Pokémon now."

"What the hell? When did you catch it?"

Lu Ye pulled out a Poké Ball, a red light flashed, and the room temperature instantly dropped by 5°C.

Tian Youwei was checking the registration method when a ghost face suddenly popped out of his phone, scaring him so much that he fell to the ground.

"Holy cow! You scared the hell out of me!"

Liang Dayou rolled with laughter on his bed. "Idiot, you're scared of even a Gastly!"

As he spoke, Gastly slowly turned its head, its mouth stretching to the root of its tongue, revealing a scarlet long tongue, and flashed a friendly and amiable smile at Brother Dayou.

Brother Dayou's face turned pale.

"Wow, Brother Lu, your Gastly is pretty good!"

Tian Youwei excitedly observed Gastly.

"It looks much stronger than the Gastly from the Battle Department next door!"

"Hiss-gash!"

Gastly triumphantly grinned, squinting its eyes and nodding towards Tian Youwei.

*Little brother, you're quite perceptive!*

Lu Ye recalled Gastly. "Alright, I'm done chatting with you guys; I still need to go back to my rented apartment to livestream."

"What? Brother Lu, you're not planning to participate?!"

"How many times have I told you? I never intended to be a Trainer!"

Recommendation votes during the New Book Period are really important.

Chuanbao is begging for recommendation votes o(￣ε￣*)

Please, please, please for recommendation votes!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>