10. Chapter 10: Professor Rowan's Visit (Please vote for me!)

Chapter 10: Professor Rowan's Visit (Please vote for me!)

The two-day weekend holiday ended, and Lu Ye had to return to school for classes.

However, after the shift in the world line, Modu University had undergone tremendous changes.

Walking on campus, young men and women carrying Poké Balls were visible everywhere, some even letting their Pokémon follow them. Most were small-sized Pokémon, such as Pidgey, Growlithe, Skitty, and so on. Some students even zoomed past on Linoone.

“No racing Pokémon in school!”

“Supervisor, please calm down, that’s from the Battle Department, they're training today!”

Lu Ye checked the official website and found that a “Trainer Academy” had indeed been added to the South Campus. Among its offerings, “Pokémon Battle” and “Pokémon Breeding” were still key first-tier majors.

However, these had little to do with Lu Ye, who was a Finance major.

Although a few Pokémon elective courses were added to the curriculum, Lu Ye’s professional course content did not change much.

“Luckily, I still have time to review, otherwise, this semester’s scholarship would be on the line,” Lu Ye murmured.

That’s right, while Lu Ye was a streamer, he was also an academic ace. His major ranked among the best, consistently staying in the top three of his department, and he had a chance to contend for a National Scholarship in the second half of the year. Although he was a freshman, his high appearance and excellent grades made Lu Ye highly popular across all grades.

The first elective class in the morning was “Sinnoh Pokémon History.”

Upon arriving at the lecture hall, it was packed, already full of people.

“Big Bro Lu, over here!”

Lu Ye’s roommate, Liang Dayou, who was pursuing dual degrees in Law and Computer Science, waved at Lu Ye.

Although he had a buzz cut, his M-shaped hairline had deeply betrayed Big Bro Dayou, making one sigh deeply:

This is a true strongman!

Arriving at the seat his roommate had saved, Lu Ye whispered, “Why are there so many people today? The teacher doesn’t even call attendance!”

Liang Dayou chuckled, “Didn’t you see the message in the group chat? Today’s class is being taught by a foreign professor, and he’s a Pokémon Professor!”

Lu Ye was slightly stunned, “A Pokémon Professor from where?”

“The Sinnoh region, Professor Rowan!”

The packed lecture hall suddenly erupted in applause, and even a few reporters with equipment squeezed in from the back row.

An old man with a handlebar mustache and a dignified expression slowly walked into the classroom, carrying a briefcase. His grizzled hair was slicked back with gel. Professor Rowan, dressed in a gray overcoat with a blue velvet waistcoat underneath and a tie, cleared his throat and greeted everyone in English:

“I am Rowan from the Sinnoh region, and I will be taking over this class for you today.”

A gasp rippled through the classroom.

Liang Dayou lowered his voice, unable to hide his excitement: “Professor Rowan is an expert in evolution, hailed as the top scholar in Sinnoh!”

Lu Ye’s expression was complex: “I know him.”

“You know him?”

Of course, how could Lu Ye not know him? Isn’t this the Pokémon Professor who gives out the starter Pokémon in the Sinnoh region?

Despite their excitement, the students quickly calmed down and began to listen attentively. Although the lecture was entirely in English, the dignified old man explained things in an easy-to-understand manner, drawing everyone in.

“Sinnoh Pokémon history originates from the mythical era and can also be considered a microcosm of the world’s Pokémon history.”

“In mythological legends, the singularity formed after the Big Bang gave birth to the most ancient Creator Deity, Arceus.”

“Thereafter, Arceus created deities who managed time, space, and antimatter… On the third day, Arceus bestowed emotion, will, and knowledge upon living beings…”

Just as everyone was immersed, Professor Rowan suddenly tapped the blackboard and said sternly:

“Perhaps many of you will never again encounter these Pokémon histories in your lives.”

“But history is humanity’s treasure, and this is equally a valuable asset to you.”

Modu University’s key disciplines were humanities and history majors. This was likely why the school invited Professor Rowan to lecture.

As Lu Ye pondered, Liang Dayou nudged him frantically with his elbow.

Professor Rowan said in a deep voice, “Do any of you know the names of the Pokémon in these mythical epics?”

The atmosphere in the classroom grew a little tense.

After all, few people would specifically memorize those obscure names. In a parallel world, it would be like reciting a few hero names from “The Iliad,” and even FGO players wouldn’t be entirely sure they could get them all right.

Seeing no one answer, Professor Rowan stroked his handlebar mustache, “It’s fine if you can’t recall the names. You can discuss your views on the history of Pokémon.”

Looking around the classroom, Professor Rowan nodded, “The handsome young man in the front row, please share your thoughts.”

At the mention of “handsome,” all eyes in the classroom immediately converged on Lu Ye.

Big Bro Dayou elbowed Lu Ye with schadenfreude, barely suppressing his laughter, and as he laughed, tears seemed to well up in the corners of his eyes. If it weren't for his hairline, wouldn't Big Bro Dayou also be a handsome man?

“Professor, may I answer the previous question?”

“Of course.”

Professor Rowan nodded in surprise, “The three deities who bestow emotion, will, and knowledge upon living beings are…”

“Mesprit, Azelf, and Uxie.”

Lu Ye answered unhurriedly.

“According to legend, they respectively reside in Sinnoh’s Lake Verity, Lake Valor, and Lake Acuity.”

The classroom was silent. Liang Dayou turned his head and saw the girls in the back row gazing intently at Lu Ye.

Professor Rowan was slightly taken aback because Lu Ye had specifically translated a few proper nouns into Japanese for accuracy.

“…Yes, your explanation is remarkably accurate!”

Professor Rowan nodded with emotion and led the applause. The applause thundered, and camera shutters clicked in the back row, but Lu Ye’s expression was strange. Is that all? Is knowing the names of Legendary Pokémon really that rare? I also know Ultra Necrozma; I’d scare you all if I said it!

“As expected of Lu Ye, the academic ace, top three in his grade!”

“When did he learn Japanese? His pronunciation is so good…”

“You little girl, are you falling in love?”

“Stop it!”

Big Bro Dayou listened to the teasing from the back row and expressionlessly pulled out a copy of “JAVA Programming Language” from his bag. Study, only constant study can make oneself stronger!

After class, students respectfully walked past Professor Rowan, who nodded solemnly. A group of teachers gathered around Professor Rowan. Lu Ye was about to leave but was suddenly called out.

“Lu Ye, I apologize, do you have any plans this afternoon?”

Professor Rowan specifically called out Lu Ye’s name. Lu Ye was slightly startled, and under the envious gazes of those around him, Liang Dayou pushed him forward.

“Hello, Professor, I don’t have any other classes this afternoon for now.”

Professor Rowan’s brow unfurrowed: “There are a few professional courses this afternoon, and I would like to invite you to serve as a translator for my同行 (colleagues).”

A chorus of envious gasps immediately rose from around them. Those hailed as Pokémon Professors were invariably luminaries in their respective academic fields. To accompany them was undoubtedly a dream for countless people. And now, Professor Rowan was actively inviting Lu Ye. Clearly, Professor Rowan held Lu Ye in high regard and wanted to give him a practical opportunity!

Recommendation votes during the New Book Period are really important, so please vote~ QAQ

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>