Chapter 7: 'Green' Has Joined the Chat Group (Please Vote for Recommendations!)

"Teacher Lu, you've met your match today!"

"Ah, this..."

"Cute, want to smash."

"?? The one above, please be human!"

Everyone who usually lurked was 'blown out', and the group was instantly filled with a lively atmosphere.

【Battle Man: ...How about trying to throw a Poké Ball?】

【Teacher Lu: Are you sure if I throw a ball, it won't get angry out of embarrassment?】

【Battle Man: ...】

Red went offline again. Lu Ye put down his phone, a fierce thought striking him, and glared back at Gastly.

"What are you looking at!"

"Gengar?"

Just then, his phone buzzed again, and a somewhat familiar ID offered a suggestion.

【Tokiwa Lilac: Looking at its eyes, it seems to like you a lot!】

Lu Ye thought for a long time but couldn't remember who this ID belonged to.

【Teacher Lu: You call this 'like'? It's clearly after my body!】

【Teacher Lu: (Video)】

In the video, a Gastly, entirely composed of black mist, wide-eyed, happily licked the sharply defined handsome young man with its tongue.

Teacher Lu wiped the wet slobber from his face and shouted at Gastly: "Stop licking, smile for me!"

Gastly paused, then happily flew in front of the camera, blocking the entire screen with its bulging eyeballs. ——

Kanto, Viridian City.

Red, who was training at the Viridian Gym, couldn't help but smile.

"Hey, time to start training!"

A handsome young man with straight brown hair, wearing a pendant on his chest, sat on the shoulder of a massive Rhyperior, his arms crossed.

"What are you looking at? Still smiling foolishly."

"A battle streamer I recently discovered." Red said, holding his phone with a smile, "He seems to be planning to re-train a Gengar."

Green leaped down from Rhyperior's shoulder, glanced at the phone video with his hands in his pockets, and nodded slightly: "This Gastly has good potential."

Red looked up in surprise, glancing at Green.

Professor Oak once said that Green's ability was 'nurturing', able to maximize a Pokémon's aptitude and potential.

If even he said so, then this Gastly definitely had training value.

"He's just a game streamer, right?" Green shrugged, "Why not just go to the World Masters Tournament to watch the matches?"

"Even though it's a game, his command sense is far superior to most Master Trainers."

Red smiled, "Besides, haven't Lysandre Labs' virtual imaging technologies already been applied to games?

"Maybe soon, we'll be able to duel online!"

"Heh." Green's eyes were sharp, the corners of his mouth curving slightly, "Even in a game, I won't lose to you!"

Haven't you lost enough already?

Red broke into a sweat: "Let's not talk about that, let's train!"

"Buzz buzz—"

Just then, his phone vibrated.

Red looked down at the chat interface and smiled: "He really caught Gastly."

Green crossed his arms and suddenly said: "That group... add me too."

"What?"

"I'm bored, it'll kill some time."

"...You don't watch streams, do you?"

"So noisy, just add me when I tell you to!"

"I know, why are you suddenly so fierce?"

"Tsk... want to battle?"

"We can directly attack the Trainer, right? Go, Pikachu!"

"Rhyperior, Earthquake!"

【...】

【You have a new message】

【Your friend — 'Green' has joined the chat group!】——

Running into a ghost late at night, generally, there are three choices.

A. Pretend you didn't see it, and walk out of the elevator normally.

B. Chat and laugh with them, and declare that today's Trainers are too naive.

C. If you're bold enough, your XX takes maternity leave.

So Lu Ye chose D—

"Bold fiend, how dare you cause trouble here! Great Heavenly Dragon, World Honored Ksitigarbha... Taste my Poké Ball!"

Creatures like Gastly, which often appear in horror movies, are essentially Pokémon, so they are quite scientific.

Therefore, it also obeyed the basic laws of Pokémon, turning into a red light and flying into the Poké Ball, stopping its movements after shaking three times.

Lu Ye only felt a sense of anticlimax. He picked up the Poké Ball from the ground and let out a long sigh of relief.

"Raising a Gastly, well, it's not bad." Lu Ye's expression was odd, "At least Gengar is pretty cute... right?"

Honestly, an anime Gengar is certainly cute, but once it appears in reality—

Opening the Poké Ball, a pair of large white eyes slowly opened from a cloud of black mist, its mouth stretched to the base of its tongue, revealing sharp teeth.

Gastly happily floated behind Lu Ye, enveloped him from above, and let out bursts of barbell-like sinister laughter.

"Gengar Gengar!"

Lu Ye looked up, just in time to see the gaping maw and sharp teeth. Gastly's eyes narrowed into slits, and it extended a crimson long tongue.

Gastly: (*⊙~⊙)

"Slurp—"

Lu Ye wiped his face.

"...It's actually quite cute."

【Congratulations to the host for completing the achievement "I Choose You!"】

【Achievement Description: Catch any starter Pokémon, reward 500 BP】

【Remaining BP: 720】

If not scrutinized, Gastly, composed entirely of gas, was merely a cloud of black mist, and its big, white, eye-like features were within Lu Ye's acceptable range.

Although the plan to pet an Eevee was ruined, Lu Ye could now go out at night to scare girls (crossed out).

But Lu Ye now had a new path: transforming into a horror game streamer.

"Gengar Gengar!"

Gastly still happily circled in mid-air, and the elevator lights came back on.

As the elevator slowly ascended, Lu Ye recalled Gastly to its Poké Ball, lost in thought.

"If it can evolve into Gengar, its combat ability is still very strong."

"No, why do I need combat ability?"

"At worst, I'll just let Gastly serve as a mascot for the livestream..."

【You have a new message】

【Administrator 'Battle Man' invited 'Green' to this group】

"Huh? Green?"

Lu Ye, confused by the phone notification, stared blankly at Green's profile.

"This big-shot... he wouldn't be the Kanto Champion known as the 'Nurturing Master', would he?"

"Damn it, it really is him!"

In the Special manga, after succeeding as the Viridian Gym Leader, Green assembled a team with an average level of 70 in less than a year.

Lu Ye figured that even grinding NPCs and wild Pokémon daily wouldn't achieve such a feat!

This big-shot grinder is terrifying!

After Lu Ye posted that video, the group's topic immediately shifted to Gastly's training methods.

"Is Teacher Lu planning to train a Poison-type master Gengar?"

"No, I think Gengar should specialize in the Ghost domain!"

"No, why are you saying no?"

"..."

【Group member 'Green' posted a new file】

【Gastly Training Methods.txt】

"Holy crap, big-shot, this is a true big-shot!"

"Even Green is Teacher Lu's fan!? My mind is blown!"

"This is what you call professionalism.jpg!"

After posting this file, Green went offline again, his contributions hidden with his fame.

Lu Ye looked at the .txt file in the group with a complex expression.

It was certain that a training manual authored by 'Nurturing Master' Green would be beyond doubt in its professionalism and accuracy.

After a fierce ideological struggle, Lu Ye let out a long sigh.

"I really didn't want to be a Trainer!"

Then, Lu Ye clicked on 【Gastly Training Methods.txt】.

Qidian seems to be eating comments recently; it should be back to normal in a couple of days.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>