## Chapter 2: No Way I'm Becoming a Trainer in This Lifetime (Please vote for recommendations!)

Chapter 2: No Way I'm Becoming a Trainer in This Lifetime (Please vote for recommendations!)

After calming himself, Lu Ye went online to gather information.

First, he needed to understand what this world had truly become.

Due to Worldline Convergence, Lu Ye's world had merged with the Pokémon world.

But it seemed only Lu Ye was aware of this.

Even history textbooks had changed.

Based on the appearance of Pokémon, history could roughly be divided into Ancient, Medieval, Modern, and Contemporary eras.

In the Ancient era, the number of Mew gradually decreased, and the oldest prehistoric Pokémon were born.

In the Medieval era, a meteorite fell in the Hoenn region, awakening Primal Pokémon, which were eventually quelled by Rayquaza.

In the Modern era, Professor Nishinomori of Saffron University invented the Poké Ball in 1925, marking the beginning of modern 'Pokémonology'.

“These are actually mandatory history topics,” Lu Ye muttered with a strange expression.

Even Pokémon history had an endless array of memorable points.

For example, the Parfum Palace was completed in 1700 AD, and the first Pokémon League Tournament was held in 1896...

It would be truly painful for Lu Ye to memorize all of them one by one.

“It seems that even in the Pokémon world, being an academic ace isn't that easy!”

Lu Ye sighed, opening the online 'High School Politics Compulsory Three'.

Due to the appearance of Pokémon, a centralized organization represented by the Alliance gradually formed.

In this parallel world, Lu Ye was located in Modu City, part of the Donghuang Alliance.

Other regions included the Kalos Alliance, Unova Alliance, and so on, exactly as he remembered.

“It really is the Pokémon world merged with reality, isn't it?”

Lu Ye stared blankly for a long time, then let out a long breath.

“Could it be... I also have a chance to become a Trainer?”

Becoming a Pokémon Trainer had always been Lu Ye's dream.

But when Lu Ye went online to gather information, he immediately hesitated.

“The death rate is actually this high?!”

In this world, becoming a Trainer was by no means an easy feat.

Proficiency in multiple foreign languages was just the basic requirement; Chinese, Japanese, French, and English were even mandatory languages for Trainers.

Financial resources, education, resources, and connections were all indispensable.

The extremely high death rate led to Trainers being classified as a 