4. Chapter 4: No Impostors, Gimme Cheats (Please Vote!)

In the live broadcast, as the opponent's last Politoed fell, Lu Ye officially secured victory in the battle.

From start to finish, Lu Ye only sent out one Venusaur, yet he stubbornly used the 'Substitute-Protect-Toxic' strategy to torture all six of his opponent's Pokémon to defeat.

A 6-0 sweep, this should have been the ultimate glory for a trainer, but in Teacher Lu's livestream… it just made people's teeth itch with frustration.

“How can there be such a dirty trick?!”

“It's not the trick that's dirty, it's Teacher Lu's heart that's too dirty!”

In the virtual projection, Lu Ye returned Venusaur to its Poké Ball, but felt a slight trepidation in his heart.

This game, Pokémon: Battle, wasn't a turn-based game; trainers needed to issue commands in real-time via a microphone.

If Lu Ye hadn't been several steps ahead, and his opponent hadn't been a rookie, he would have almost crashed and burned.

“That was close, good thing I'm superior in skill,” Lu Ye muttered.

To the viewers in the livestream, these words sounded rather sarcastic and passive-aggressive.

A 6-0 sweep with Venusaur almost at full health, and you call that 'close'?

Killing isn't enough, you have to attack the heart too!?

“I just finished battling a Gym Leader; if you have a conscience, come see me in the hospital!”

“This strategy is too risky! It's not the Pokémon that's in danger, it's the trainer's personal safety!”

“This strategy makes me so angry! Teacher Lu, stick your head out, I'll give you a Buff!”

Lu Ye didn't bat an eye.

“Thank you to 'Is Teacher Lu a Trainer?' for the airplane… Teacher Lu isn't a trainer, it's just a hobby.”

At this moment, the esteemed viewers wished they could each spit a mouthful of saliva and drown Teacher Lu's livestream.

Your hobby is researching dirty tricks?

Just based on a hobby, you can sweep 6-0 with one Venusaur?

Teacher Lu, and you still say you're not a trainer!

“Thanks to 'Man of Battle' for the rocket… Boss is generous!”

Lu Ye, who had been half-dead just a moment ago, immediately raised his voice by an octave when the rocket special effect started flashing in the livestream.

“Thank you, boss, huh? Is this ID a high-quality copycat? How could…”

In an instant, fans flooded the room with bullet comments, expressing their deep distress.

“Boss is confused!”

“Reddy, don't give Teacher Lu gifts, you'll learn bad habits!”

“Holy crap, it's really the World Champion! The World Champion sent Teacher Lu a rocket!”

In front of his computer, Lu Ye stared at the familiar ID, and after 0.05 seconds of thought.

He instantly added Red as a moderator and sent him a private message.

【Has Teacher Lu served up a good show today?: Boss Red, this is my Line account: XXXX. We can communicate more in the future!】

The private message was also thoughtfully translated into Japanese, making Lu Ye couldn't help but give a thumbs-up to his own quick wit.

After Red visited Lu Ye's livestream, riding on the World Champion's fame, the livestream's popularity instantly broke through half a million.

Gift data in the backend soared, and bullet comments furiously flooded the screen.

“Teacher Lu, you're famous!!”

“Can you help me get an autograph from Red?”

“Reddy, mommy loves you!”

As it was an international platform, users in the livestream were not limited to Chinese speakers; there were also users from regions like Unova, Hoenn, and Kalos.

For a time, various foreign languages bloomed, making the livestream lively and bustling.

“Yo? Is the streamer offline? Why aren't you talking?”

“Please, Teacher Lu, give us another Substitute-Protect-Toxic tutorial!”

“Protect, don't protect, protect—eih, I've learned it!”

At this moment, Red also didn't expect that his unintentional action would cause such a huge stir.

He glanced back at Tokiwa Lilac, only to see her smile helplessly and say, “You're already a World Champion; you're quite the public figure!”

Red scratched his head, “The battle was just too exciting, I couldn't help myself for a moment…”

“If Gold saw you sending gifts to his opponent, who knows how furious he'd get,” Tokiwa Lilac chuckled, pursing her lips.

Red gave an awkward smile, then suddenly saw a private message pop up, precisely from the ID 'Has Teacher Lu served up a good show today?'

Looking at the private message content, Red's eyes lit up.

“Communicate… Is he trying to spar with me in Pokémon battles?!”

Tokiwa Lilac gave a cynical smile.

I bet he just wants you to send more gifts.

“I remember, you studied Chinese, right?”

“Yes,” Red nodded. “I specifically studied it for a period before.”

【Man of Battle: …There will be opportunities to communicate (smile).】

After replying to Lu Ye, Red slapped his forehead and exclaimed, “I almost forgot, I'm going to Viridian Gym today to spar with Green!”

“It's still not too late to go now.”

“Let's go, you come along too!”

Tokiwa Lilac paused, looking at Red's hurried retreating figure, her cheeks slightly flushed, but she still sighed regretfully.

“Still, I couldn't bring myself to mention the movie…”

Regarding Red, Lu Ye currently only understood three things.

First, this guy seemed to have bought a house on the internet; his presence could be seen everywhere.

Second, he was now his sugar daddy, and he had to cling tightly to this big leg.

Third, who can tell me what Red's string of ellipses means?!

And that smiling emoji, he wouldn't be mocking me, would he?

Just speak your mind, don't always use ellipses, it's tiring trying to guess!

Lu Ye let out a long sigh, wearily saying, “Today's livestream ends here. See you next time.”

Before his words even faded, Lu Ye expertly ended the broadcast at light speed, leaving the viewers in the livestream in disarray.

“The popularity just broke a million! And you're ending the broadcast just like that?!”

“Hey! Why are you so skilled at ending broadcasts?!”

“Although you look pretty pathetic ending the broadcast at light speed, your 6-0 sweep was truly awesome!”

“Lu-bao, mommy loves you!”

Even Lu Ye didn't notice that after Red sent the rocket, the number of subscribers in the livestream was rising at a visible rate.

The promised face reveal at 100,000 subscribers had now surprisingly exceeded 50,000, meaning Teacher Lu's face reveal was just around the corner!

“Go go go, bros! Push a bit harder, and next week we can see Teacher Lu on screen!”

“Surely no one actually thinks Teacher Lu is a looks-based streamer, right? Right?!”

“Whether he's handsome or not doesn't matter; mainly, we love listening to Teacher Lu's stand-up comedy!”

The number of subscribers was still soaring, but Lu Ye had already closed the streaming software.

After ending the broadcast, Lu Ye began to carefully study this game, Pokémon: Battle.

“I almost crashed and burned today… This damn game is actually voice-controlled and real-time!”

“Holy cow, there's actually no four-move limit, so wouldn't I be invincible?!”

【Ding… System binding in progress… Binding successful!】

【Host: Lu Ye】

“Who, who's speaking?!”

【Current BP: 1720】

【Click to view details and get a detailed breakdown of BP sources】

【Current functions: Ten-pull Gacha, Shop… More functions awaiting unlock】

【Wishing you a pleasant experience!】

“Hah, I thought it was someone else.”

“You should've said so earlier, turns out it's my cheat system!”

No impostors, share some Chapter Comments~

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>