Chapter 13: Minimize Team and Grimer (Please vote with recommendation tickets!)

After uploading the video, Lu Ye rushed off to his afternoon specialized courses.

Meanwhile, Bilibili's gaming section was once again shaking because of that man.

“Grandpa, the UP Master you follow has updated!”

“What kind of dirty trick is it this time?”

“Scary!”

The video's content was simple: Teacher Lu's traditional art, a one-versus-six.

On a rocky field covered in gravel, a cute and naive Chansey stood, facing a Jolteon with its fur bristling.

The opponent was a white-haired old man, stout and good-natured, wearing a floral shirt and grinning widely.

“Jolteon, Discharge!”

Electric currents surged wildly, brilliant sparks forming a violent electric field that spread in all directions.

Chansey still stood there cheerfully, shuddering slightly after being hit by Discharge, then patted its belly as if to show friendliness.

The old man immediately froze in place.

“Is this Jolteon just tickling it?”

“You just made grandpa laugh!”

Although Chansey's speed was worrying, its Special Defense and HP were terrifyingly high.

“Chansey, Minimize!”

Chansey's two short arms came together, its body glowed white, and it visibly shrunk circle after circle.

Meanwhile, Jolteon was gathering energy. Amidst its cries, dazzling currents surged from its body into the clouds.

It was the Electric-type move, Thunder!

Thunderclouds rolled, and a thick pillar of lightning struck down with a roar, but it hit nothing!

“Missing an ultimate ability at point-blank range?”

“Holy cow, how did Chansey get so small already?!”

After three consecutive Minimizies, Chansey had completely vanished from sight, easily dodging the lightning pillar.

In contrast, Jolteon seemed to be grabbed by an invisible giant hand, and was directly thrown into the sky by a strange force!

“Lifted up high!?”

“It's Chansey's Seismic Toss!”

Lu Ye calmly explained, “Minimize can evade most moves. Combined with Chansey’s bulk and sustain, a one-versus-six is no problem at all.”

“???”

“Is this even human language?”

Lu Ye continued, “Unless the opponent teaches you a lesson with an Earthquake, the Minimize team can counter most strategies!”

“This is way too dirty!”

“Is the UP Master beating up old people?”

“Permanent ban suggested!”

Since Chansey was relatively rare in reality, Lu Ye also recommended Chansey's lower-tier substitute, Grimer, in the video.

Besides being easy to catch, Grimer had low training costs, excellent resistances, and decent offensive capabilities.

It could be said that, apart from being smelly and ugly, Grimer was almost all pros!

Of course, Lu Ye wouldn't catch a Grimer.

People who prioritize looks are just that realistic.

“Understood, I'm heading to the sewers to catch a Grimer right now!”

“Thank you, Teacher Lu, I'll choose Grimer as my starter Pokémon!”

“I'm from Team Rocket, the organization gave me a Grimer. Teacher Lu, how should I train it?”

In just half an hour, the video's view count had already surpassed twenty thousand.

YouTube and Niconico also re-uploaded Lu Ye's video in real-time, and its influence continued to spread.

Even Koga, the Poison-type Elite Four member from the Johto region, shared this video.

With the caption: “Spot on.”

Koga himself was a Poison-type expert skilled in using Minimize tactics.

In the Pokémon Adventures manga, Koga's shoulder pads concealed Minimized Grimers, capable of both offense and defense.

But... perhaps that was also why Koga always wore a mask.

Receiving approval from an Elite Four member instantly established Teacher Lu's authority.

The video's popularity continued to rise, and fans began to discuss Teacher Lu's true identity.

A Grass-type Gym Leader? A Poison-type Master?

No matter the guess, they all led to the same conclusion.

Teacher Lu was definitely no ordinary game streamer.

Being able to skillfully employ these two advanced real-world tactics.

Teacher Lu must also be a Master-level Trainer!

“Ranked seventh in the world… Could Teacher Lu really be a Master?”

“Be bolder, maybe he's an Elite Four member?”

“Teacher Lu, god of dirty tricks!”

***

Among Teacher Lu's many fans.

Ryohei from the Kanto region was a Team Rocket Grunt.

A so-called grunt referred to someone who did all the dirty and arduous work, received no social security benefits, and was thrown under the bus if anything went wrong.

But Ryohei's parents passed away when he was young, and he was taken in by Team Rocket.

Being able to have a straw mat and enough to eat was already satisfying enough for him.

Competition within Team Rocket was brutal.

Under the law of the jungle, if you didn't devour others, you would only be devoured yourself.

But Ryohei was a kind person.

He would blush when making eye contact with others, spoke softly, and wouldn't get angry even when ridiculed or insulted.

Only at night, when moonlight poured down.

Would he secretly sneak into the storeroom and talk to the bruised and battered Pokémon.

Once, he secretly released a severely abused Houndoom, and besides getting his arm bitten, he also had four ribs broken by the Cobra Instructor.

Later, the Cobra Instructor told him.

That Houndoom had bitten an innocent citizen to death and was shot on sight by Officer Jenny.

Ryohei was somewhat bewildered.

Life in Team Rocket was dark, but with a glimmer of light.

To avoid being despised, the only path was to climb upwards.

The quiet Ryohei was once regarded as mute, and as the fun of insulting him faded, others gradually ignored him.

It took Ryohei two years to rise from grunt to trainee;

And another two years to rise from trainee to regular soldier.

When it was time to receive the Pokémon issued by the organization, all the good Pokémon had already been chosen by others.

Only when the last Poké Ball remained did the Cobra Instructor glance at Ryohei.

“Try your best to survive.”

Inside the last Poké Ball was a Grimer, covered in sludge and emanating a foul stench.

Clutching the Poké Ball with a blank expression, Ryohei instinctively avoided the crowd.

Back in his basement, Ryohei burst into tears.

Grimer stared blankly at Ryohei, trying to wipe away Ryohei's tears with its hand.

Then, realizing it was too dirty, it scratched its head awkwardly.

Grimer was definitely not a Pokémon suitable for beginners.

But having its first family member was enough to make Ryohei feel content.

After finishing his chores, connecting to Team Rocket's intranet to watch live streams was Ryohei's only pastime.

He enjoyed the battle videos of Red, 'The Battle-focused players', and Green, 'The Nurturer', with his nurturing guides.

But what he liked most was Teacher Lu, who seemed unlucky but had endless tricks up his sleeve.

One day, a weary Ryohei connected with 3G internet and spent three hours downloading a video.

“Teacher Lu Teaches You Battle 04: Minimize Team”.

Watching the goofy Chansey take on six, Ryohei immediately burst out laughing.

“Look, Grimer, Teacher Lu's tactics are still so dirty!”

Grimer leaned closer, careful not to get Ryohei dirty, and shared the joy with him.

In the dimly lit basement, there was only the faint glow of the screen and two focused faces.

In the latter half of the video, Ryohei's breathing gradually quickened.

“Here, I recommend a lower-tier alternative to Chansey.”

Teacher Lu calmly explained, “Grimer is relatively easy to catch, and its training costs are low.”

“Whether it's Substitute-Protect-Toxic or the Minimize team, it can be perfectly applied…”

Ryohei swallowed, feeling his hands begin to tremble slightly.

A brand new door slowly opened before Ryohei.

Rewatching Teacher Lu's video repeatedly, a wave of warmth surged through Ryohei's entire body.

Ryohei slowly stood up, feeling his voice hoarse and trembling:

“Come on, Grimer… let's go train!”

***

PS: There are no villains in this book.

Team Rocket symbolizes a darker side, but it also contains the warmth between Trainers and Pokémon.

Reality is already tough enough.

It is precisely because of the existence of Pokémon that the Pokémon world doesn't make people feel so lonely.

This is a pseudo-invincible, light-hearted Pokémon Fanfic.

Please vote with recommendation tickets~!! o(￣ε￣*)

Please vote with recommendation tickets~!!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>