Chapter 652: Is There a Traitor in the Alliance High Command?! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Chapter 652: Is There a Traitor in the Alliance High Command?! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

After completing Pamela the little girl's quest, Song Ren remained in a very sad mood for a long time.

Zhang Yi and the others beside him also weren't laughing and joking around.

Now, Song Ren and his four companions were helping Old Fordring with the Love and Family quest.

Little Pamela and Captain Redpath — there was nothing they could do, after all, they couldn't truly go back in time and change history.

But now, perhaps they could help the empty-nest Old Fordring reconcile with his son.

The 'Love and Family' mural was located in the Scarlet Enclave within the Stratholme dungeon.

For Song Ren and his group now, it wasn't particularly difficult.

After retrieving the mural, Old Fordring entrusted the mural, along with the previously found items and his handwritten letter, to the player to take to Tirion in Hearthglen.

As the player placed item after item that evoked memories before Tirion, the finally awakened Tirion couldn't help but shed tears.

For so long, he had been a puppet controlled by Grand Inquisitor Isilien of the Scarlet Crusade.

Looking at the items brought to him, Tirion woke up.

For decades, Tirion had never lost a single memory of his father.

It was these precious memories that kept Tirion alive in this world.

He often dreamed, and in his dreams, his father stood proudly beside him, watching him join the Knights.

They fought against hordes of Scourge soldiers, bringing glory to the Alliance and Lordaeron.

But now? What had he done?

As if waking from a dream, Tirion asked Song Ren and his companions to take him to his father.

And this escort mission for Tirion was the most difficult part, even harder than entering Stratholme and killing the first boss.

Firstly, all the monsters around Hearthglen were elite monsters.

While Song Ren's five-person team wouldn't be defeated, it would take a considerable amount of time.

Or, during the quest, upon reaching the gate of Hearthglen, they would lose their disguise, aggroing the surrounding monsters, and be completely wiped out.

“Leading the way is really hard! Finally out!”

Looking at Tirion arriving before the Cathedral, Song Ren let out a long breath.

Zhang Yi and the others quickly nodded in agreement.

They were supposedly escorting Tirion, but the journey felt more like Tirion was escorting them.

But no matter what, they had finally reached their destination, right?

So, next was to let Tirion meet Old Man Fordring and let him live out his golden years peacefully, right?

Looking at Tirion, who was thanking them, Song Ren and Zhang Yi happily thought to themselves.

However, reality is always cruel. Just as they arrived at the Cathedral, Isilien, whose mind was completely corrupted, appeared. Seeing Tirion, who had escaped his control, Isilien realized that without Tirion, the rightful master of Hearthglen, his control over Hearthglen would be greatly weakened. He directly chose to attack Tirion.

After a chaotic battle, Tirion ultimately died at his hands, and Old Fordring arrived one step too late.

Overcome with grief at the loss of his beloved son, Old Fordring fell into an enraged fury, and his once lost powers of the Holy Light were completely restored.

Driven by the fires of vengeance, he killed Isilien and his cronies, vowing to bring a new order to Lordaeron.

Watching Old Fordring's desolate retreating figure, Song Ren was utterly numb; he felt a bit disheartened at this moment.

The love between father and son, the responsibility of family, and Old Fordring's classic line:

'Races do not represent honor. I have seen Orcs who are as honorable as the noblest Knights; and I have seen Humans who are as evil as the cruelest Scourge.'

It perfectly embodied the spirit of a Paladin, leaving a lasting impression on all players who undertook this quest.

But the question was, why were all these quests in the Plaguelands so disheartening?

Standing there, Song Ren and his group were full of emotion.

Just then, suddenly, someone started spamming the guild channel and the general chat.

'Holy moly, holy moly! Come to Stormwind! Someone triggered a main quest?'

'That Countess next to King Anduin is actually a member of the Deathwing family, holy moly, the Black Dragon Princess? Finally, a formidable princess?'

'Damn it, that's not the point, okay? This is the Alliance! How the heck is the Countess a black dragon?'

'That's so awesome, if it's true, doesn't that mean it was already hinted to players back in the Deadmines?'

'I knew it, why our Alliance transportation isn't as convenient as the Horde's airships, turns out there are traitors in the high command!'

'Ahem, my bro upstairs, it seems the Horde also has this quest.'

Song Ren and Zhang Yi, who hadn't fully recovered from the 'Love and Family' quest, showed surprised expressions.

Main quest? Black Dragon Princess? Countess?

A series of keywords left Song Ren, Zhang Yi, and many other players utterly bewildered.

And this was a very classic quest from his previous life: the Onyxia Attunement quest.

A series of quests to unlock the Onyxia raid dungeon.

Compared to his previous life, this was an adjustment Chen Xu made in the VR version of `Warcraft`.

When progressing through similar world-changing story dungeons in the current version, players in the game could all participate and experience the most complete storyline.

Of course, it didn't matter if they missed it, because this quest wasn't a one-and-done for a single player. Instead, it would be like quests such as the Battle for Darrowshire, entering a separate instance sharding to experience it again.

In fact, the Onyxia Attunement quest didn't require a very high level, but it was arguably the most tedious.

Especially for Horde players, many wished they could punch Rexxar's head in.

Also, in the VR version, when players reached the max level, many focused on grinding dungeons to increase combat power, while story enthusiasts couldn't compare to the leveling maniacs.

So, it wasn't until now that a player successfully reached the stage of exposing the Black Dragon Princess's conspiracy.

As for now, by the time Song Ren and Zhang Yi returned to Stormwind, they witnessed an unusually magnificent scene.

Marshal Reginald Windsor stood at the gate of Stormwind, flanked by the city's loyal guards.

Around Stormwind, countless curious players gathered, a dense crowd stretching far and wide.

It looked incredibly spectacular.

Marshal Reginald Windsor looked towards Stormwind Keep in the distance, without any fear.

'Today, all this will end! Do not fear, we will be victorious.'

'As it was foretold long ago in Karazhan! Monster, I come! With righteous judgment!'

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>