Chapter 540: This is Not Newtonian At All! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

For most players, the offline carnival and Nebula Games Theme Park are still a bit far off.

Not to mention whether they even have time to go, the most important point is that it's hard to pick the fated ones. Moreover, there will be a live stream anyway, so for players, the focus is now on this seemingly silly game.

After its launch, players generally invited friends to experience “Human: Fall Flat” together, to see if it was really as fun as it seemed.

…………

“Old Song and Joey are really dragging their feet.”

Zhang Yi and Wang Han leaned on the sofa, each holding a controller.

With PC, mobile, and Switch versions, the game’s data is interconnected across all three platforms.

Just like “It Takes Two”, Chen Xu had made some modifications to the multiplayer mode of this game compared to the original version.

As long as players were comfortable with a split-screen mode, the Switch and PC versions could also be played locally by two players. It also supported online multiplayer with others.

Currently, Zhang Yi and Wang Han were playing via local multiplayer. Although it was split-screen, when viewed in Switch’s TV Mode on a 75-inch television, the viewing distance was still quite wide.

“This game looks so stupid! Hurry up and create your character, then it’s my turn!” Wang Han, sitting on the sofa, watched Zhang Yi customize his character and exclaimed.

The noodle-like people just looked so unintelligent.

“Don’t rush, I’m trying to create an imposing image for myself,” Zhang Yi carefully selected his eyes, mouth, and other features, then picked a cowboy outfit. He even wrote an ‘Yi’ on the back of the shirt.

“Do I look like an imposing Western cowboy?” Zhang Yi chuckled happily.

The game had quite a few outfits, and their designs clearly symbolized some of Nebula Games’ IPs.

For example, the cowboy outfit he was currently wearing corresponded to “Red Dead Redemption”. Besides that, there were also the Task Force 141 counter-terrorism uniform and the Hunter set from “Bloodborne”.

“Imposing? It’s more like a silly vibe, okay?” Wang Han was speechless. The clothes looked the part, but coupled with the noodle-man figure, it just felt utterly silly.

“Ahem, never mind, let’s get into the game quickly. I see Old Song and the others are online too.” Zhang Yi lightly coughed.

“Alright, you open the room,” Wang Han also wrote a ‘Han’ on the back of her character’s clothes, then saved the image.

With that, Zhang Yi started the game.

In the sky, a small figure wearing a cowboy outfit and another wearing an agent’s uniform plummeted down.

About two or three seconds later… *Splat!*

The two figures fell directly onto the ground.

“Their heads must be dazed from the fall, right? Hey, why aren’t I moving? Did I die from the fall?” Zhang Yi looked at his motionless character in the game, feeling a bit strange.

“How do you expect the character to stand up if you don’t move?” Wang Han, beside him, retorted helplessly.

“The controls for this game are too silly, aren’t they?” Zhang Yi moved the joystick on his controller, and then saw his character slowly and unsteadily get up from the ground.

The noodle-like physique, combined with the clothes, made it look somewhat presentable, but the movements were like a heavily drunk person, swaying as it walked, as if its body had no bones or muscles.

Following the system prompts, Zhang Yi performed some simple actions, mainly moving forwards, backwards, left, right, jumping, and extending both hands.

As for the hands, as long as they touched an object and weren't released, they would firmly grasp it.

“Haha, you look exactly like you do in the morning when you don’t want to go to work,” Wang Han, sitting on the sofa, laughed as she watched the swaying character in the game, looking as if it might fall at any moment.

“By the way, Old Song, where are you? Did you fall into the toilet? And what about Yifan, Joey, are you two ready?” After getting a little familiar with the controls, Zhang Yi, still not seeing everyone present, asked in the voice channel.

Then, sounds came through the voice channel.

“Ready, ready, almost,” Joey and Wang Yifan responded.

Meanwhile, Song Ren began his attack: “Old Zhang, you bastard! Why are you so gentle with everyone else, but so aggressive with me?”

“Please give it a rest! Didn’t you say you were going to the bathroom? Alright, then, my dear little brother Song Ren, are you ready now?” Zhang Yi said, pinching his voice in the voice channel.

“Damn you! Just keep being aggressive with me! What’s the room password?” Hearing Zhang Yi’s words, Song Ren on the other end of the line got goosebumps.

“123123, stop talking nonsense and get in!” Zhang Yi said.

“I’m here!” As Song Ren’s voice fell.

Zhang Yi, who was still controlling his little character to run around, suddenly saw his character covered by a black shadow.

What’s going on?

Before Zhang Yi could figure it out, a huge dark lump dropped from the sky, directly smashing Zhang Yi’s cowboy character and sending it flying.

Just like an object affected by Stasis in “Breath of the Wild”, constantly charged up and then released, it hit the nearby flowerbed with a *splat*, spun 360 degrees in the air, and landed heavily on the ground.

“Holy cow, what kind of silly physics engine is this? This is not Newtonian at all!” Zhang Yi exclaimed.

But before he could get up, two more characters plummeted from the sky.

*Splat!*

They landed squarely on top of him, repeating the scene of him being smashed before. Only this time, the direction he was launched was a bit awkward; Zhang Yi’s character was directly catapulted down a cliff.

“Hahahahaha… we didn’t mean to!” Joey and Wang Yifan, who had just landed and witnessed this, couldn’t help but laugh through the voice channel.

As for Song Ren, he was the loudest laugher: “Haha, serves you right!”

But his laughter didn't last long, because although Zhang Yi had fallen off the cliff, he had also respawned from the sky, landing precisely on Song Ren's head.

With a *splat*, his character was also pinned down, though he wasn’t launched away.

“Holy cow, get up quickly, don’t cling to me!” Song Ren controlled his character, wiggling twice in struggle, but because Zhang Yi’s character was pressing down on him, and with one hand gripping him and the other firmly digging into the ground, he struggled twice but couldn’t get up.

As he spoke, Song Ren wiggled twice more.

“You guys smashed me so many times, my back’s broken, I need to lie down for a bit!” Zhang Yi also laughed heartily.

“Your back’s broken, don’t cling to me, lie on the ground!” Song Ren stubbornly struggled to get up, but found that while the game’s physics might seem silly, they were also quite realistic; he genuinely couldn't get up while being pinned down.

“Alright, alright, let’s quickly start the game,” Wang Han and Joey, seeing the two acting like a comic duo, also bent over laughing.

Hearing this, Zhang Yi finally wobbled and got up from the ground.

The unreliable squad of five was finally ready to tackle the challenge.

Although the game had just started, they all felt a little out of breath from laughing so much.

This game was just too silly.
(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>