Chapter 680: Sekiro (Requesting Subscriptions and Monthly Passes)

Two days later, Hu Tu arrived at Nebula Games' headquarters.

After confirming with the front desk, Hu Tu went directly to the meeting room. Hu Tu was quite looking forward to the upcoming plan. In the conference room, there were many people besides him.

A quick glance showed that most of them were core personnel from Nebula Games' headquarters studio. This surprised Hu Tu, but also made him a little excited.

As he was thinking, the door to the conference room opened. Chen Xu smiled and nodded at Hu Tu as he passed, then went to the main seat and turned on the projector. Pulled up on the computer, a concept art was projected onto the screen.

Under the moonlight, a field of lush, snow-white reeds swayed in the wind. A ninja and a samurai stood facing each other, gripping their swords amidst the reeds. Their long blades reflected the moonlight and their opponents' figures, imbuing the entire concept art with an aura of solemn killing intent. At the top of the concept art, two artistic characters read: Sekiro.

“Mr. Chen, is the new game ninja-themed? A stealth type?” Yang Xin asked with some curiosity. After all, if the protagonist is a ninja, one would naturally think of stealth-based themes.

“No, it's different from typical ninja-themed games. If anything, 'ninja' is just a profession,” Chen Xu said, shaking his head with a smile. “If I had to describe it, this game should be a jidaigeki film-style game, and the combat system is also moving in that direction,” Chen Xu added, while also introducing Hu Tu to everyone.

“As for the genre, everyone can refer to Dark Souls and Bloodborne,” Chen Xu said with a bright smile. Hearing Chen Xu's words, everyone was stunned for a moment, then completely shocked. Dark Souls and Bloodborne? So, this is!?”

“There's no need to be too surprised, it's just the map design and plot design concepts. In Sekiro, both the action system and the map environments will be very different.”

“Also, to give players a smoother, jidaigeki film-style combat experience, this game will not have a stamina bar for physical limitation,” Chen Xu said, highlighting some key points. Hearing Chen Xu's words, after a brief surprise, everyone understood but also felt an unidentifiable sense of regret. No stamina bar limitation means it looks like a very normal action game! Seeing everyone's expressions, Chen Xu didn't speak, he just quietly opened the combat system design document.

Compared to Dark Souls and Bloodborne, Sekiro, also a Souls-like game, can be considered a culmination. In Dark Souls, for normal, ordinary players, the game actually encourages defense, because shields offer the highest benefit for them, and many players even complete the game relying solely on shields.

In Bloodborne, shields were abandoned in favor of gun parries with firearms, which accelerated the game's pace and simultaneously increased player risk. But in Sekiro, it changed completely. In Sekiro, players can also block, which is divided into normal blocks and perfect parries.

It doesn't sound particularly special, but the most crucial point is that Sekiro has a unique attribute: Parry Value, or rather, Posture Bar. Unlike the stamina bars in Dark Souls and Bloodborne, running and attacking in Sekiro are free.

The only thing to manage is the Posture Bar. A normal block will significantly increase the Posture Bar, and when it's almost full, you'll be Guard Broken and enter a stun-locked state. A perfect parry, however, will only slightly increase the Posture Bar, and even when it's almost full, you won't be Guard Broken.

What's more important is that BOSSes also have a Posture Bar. When a BOSS's Posture Bar is completely filled, it will directly trigger a Deathblow. Regardless of how much health the BOSS has, its current form will be instantly defeated.

Therefore, in Dark Souls and Bloodborne, players must learn to manage their stamina, often engaging in hit-and-run tactics when facing BOSSes. In Sekiro, however, players don't need to worry about this. They have a more fluid experience, and with enough skill, they can perfectly counter every move, fighting BOSSes relentlessly like a mad dog.

Additionally, the game has a very satisfying mechanic: Sword Clash. When two players and a BOSS simultaneously attack, their swords will clash, creating 'clang-clang' sounds like blacksmithing, just like in melee combat.

From a core combat perspective, although it's still a memorization-based turn system, the addition of the Posture Bar truly allows players to experience that intense sword-fighting combat. Furthermore, the game has a very unique background setting: the Land of the Dragon's Heritage.

This grants players one resurrection opportunity in combat, thereby reducing the game's difficulty and increasing the margin for error. And with each Shinobi Execution on a BOSS, players gain a portion of Vitality, and if this Vitality is stored.

Then in a BOSS battle, even if you are defeated by the BOSS the first time, as long as you successfully defeat the BOSS's first phase and proceed to the second phase, you can resurrect once more. This means having three lives in a BOSS battle, which is quite player-friendly.

If an ordinary player were to evaluate Sekiro without considering its level design, combat system, or other content design. The most direct answer they would get is: exhilarating.

The sparks from sword clashes, the clang of parries, and the intense and thrilling BOSS battles. Parry, Sword Clash, Step Dodge, Mikiri Counter, Fall, Resurrect, Fight Anew. Even if they die, it's a satisfying and exhilarating death.

Of course, besides the core combat system, the game's combat gameplay is also very brilliant. Unlike the numerous weapons and classes in Bloodborne and Dark Souls, players in Sekiro only have one sword named Kusabimaru, but Sekiro also features a Prosthetic Arm mechanic.

Shurikens can attack squishy enemies from a distance and destabilize airborne foes. The axe can break shields, the umbrella can defend against powerful attacks, firecrackers can stun enemies, and the flame vent, effective against enemies weak to fire (often those with a lot of hair)...

Furthermore, these Prosthetic Arms can be upgraded in the game, allowing for highly spectacular maneuvers when combined with the combat system. In addition, players can learn different combat style skills in the game.

The Mortal Blade that severs immortality, the Senpou Temple Arts, and the Puppeteer Ninjutsu which turns enemies into puppets after a Shinobi Execution. By utilizing various Prosthetic Arms and skills in the game, a game experience originally rated 100 in difficulty can be reduced to 70.

It can be said that in terms of combat gameplay, while Sekiro doesn't have the diverse build paths of Dark Souls and Bloodborne, it is still very intellectually challenging. If skill is lacking, use wisdom to compensate.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>