Chapter 577: Resident Evil Village? Cyber Crisis: Factory! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

You ugly monster with thick eyebrows and big eyes, you actually have such a sinister scheme!

Song Ren in the game was also shocked, mainly because this BOSS named Moreau was truly too deceptive.

He looked like an ugly monster, and his words and actions were like those of a veteran simp, inadvertently drawing a hint of indirect sympathy from his male compatriots.

He never expected that this pitiful-looking fellow would deliberately talk to Ethan to set a trap.

Each of the Four Heavenly Kings corresponds to a unique gameplay style.

By the time he reached Moreau, Song Ren had already figured it out.

The first Lady Dimitrescu corresponded to a box garden-style resource allocation gameplay.

Because at this point, players had just entered the game, had few resources, and often found themselves short on bullets.

Coupled with the constantly appearing fly sisters three and Lady Dimitrescu, players needed to make good use of their resources.

As for the second BOSS, Donna, the Mad Puppeteer, she corresponded to a pure escape gameplay.

Like Outlast, players couldn't damage the monsters and could only keep running.

As for Moreau now, he represented diversified combat.

Through puzzles, the environment could be transformed into a battlefield advantageous to the player.

For example, Moreau after transformation corresponded to the Deep Sea Fish King from previous dark fairy tales.

Ethan obviously couldn't fight him in the water; he had to force him onto land.

So, players needed to activate the sluice gates to drain the village's reservoir.

What followed was the most intense BOSS battle.

A satisfying 'fish bombing' battle with shotguns, sniper rifles, and landmines.

It could be said that the entire BOSS battle process was more thrilling and exhilarating than the previous fight against Lady Dimitrescu at the top of the tower.

Of course, there was one thing that made Song Ren want to complain, and that was that Moreau, after transforming, was simply Idiots!

Of course, 'Idiots' didn't refer to his abilities or strength, but rather his model.

If Bloodborne previously made countless players' SAN points plummet, then Moreau in Resident Evil Village completely let himself go, a nightmare for those with trypophobia, his back covered in fish eyes and nematode tentacles.

And after transforming, he was filled with endless malice; not to mention his entire body covered in boils, eyeballs adorned his whole vest, and his true body was hidden inside his mouth, so players had to confront him directly to kill him.

In the first level, facing those three fly sisters, Song Ren felt like he could handle it.

But facing Moreau after his transformation, Song Ren genuinely felt like he was going to gag.

“What the heck, this is truly disgusting! I'd sooner believe a sow could climb a tree than believe Mr. Chen would change!” Forcing himself not to look at Moreau's corpse, Song Ren couldn't help but gag again.

No choice, it was just too disgusting.

For a moment, Song Ren even preferred the scary levels from Donna, the Mad Puppeteer, over fighting this explosively disgusting Moreau.

“The last level shouldn't be this disgusting, right?”

Song Ren prayed inwardly.

After all, the guy named Heisenberg, wearing sunglasses and a cowboy hat, looked like the most normal of the Four Heavenly Kings, apart from Lady Dimitrescu.

However, after enduring hardships and finally finding Heisenberg, the last of the Heavenly Kings, Song Ren was surprised.

Unlike the previous three Heavenly Kings, who he had to fight and kill, this seemingly strongest Heisenberg actually wanted to negotiate with Ethan.

‘Let me guess, you want to kill me just like you killed those others, and then go rescue Rose, right?’ Heisenberg seemed very relaxed, showing no hostility at all.

Uncertain of Heisenberg's intentions, Ethan stated decisively: ‘I'm saving my child.’

‘See, you've got it all wrong... Listen, Ethan, you've been played.’ Heisenberg walked to his workbench, which was covered in photos.

There were photos of Lady Dimitrescu, the Puppeteer, Moreau...

‘What do you mean? You think this is some kind of monkey show?’ Ethan's tone was very unfriendly.

Without immediately answering, Heisenberg displayed an extremely angry demeanor, shoving Ethan into a chair and then impaling a throwing knife into Lady Dimitrescu's photo.

‘That huge slut! That perverted ugly doll! And that mentally challenged freak.’

‘Still don't get it? This is a test, to see if you're worthy enough to join the Miranda family.’

Heisenberg said, looking at Ethan.

“Holy cow, joining another big family again!” Hearing this, Song Ren in the game immediately thought of the plot from the previous Resident Evil game, Jack Baker and Lucas, the brother-in-law – what a harmonious family!

Evidently, Ethan in the game also recalled those unpleasant memories and said coldly: ‘I don't want to join the Miranda family.’

‘Exactly! I don't want to either! Look at this outcome, I'm next, right? Kill me to get the next one!’

‘Fuck that!’

The throwing knife was flung onto the photo, cracking the portrait.

‘I'm not interested in your personal problems. I just want my child back,’ Ethan said, looking at Heisenberg.

‘Of course, Rose! Of course! But do you know how powerful that kid is? Even Miranda is afraid of her!’

‘You and I will rescue Rose!’

Heisenberg's words startled Song Ren.

From the recent dialogue, it was clear that Heisenberg wasn't willingly transformed into this state; he merely had to submit temporarily due to Miranda's immense power.

Now he saw an opportunity and decided to team up with Ethan.

Who knew you were a traitor!

But before Song Ren could even consider if this guy could become a teammate.

Heisenberg's next words made Ethan immediately turn hostile.

‘Then we can use Rose to take down Miranda!’

From Heisenberg's words, it was clear that he only saw Rose as a weapon, a tool to eliminate Miranda.

But what kind of impact would that have on Rose?

Ethan wasn't even willing to confirm or ask Heisenberg.

Anger directly led him to refuse: ‘Rose is not a weapon, she's my daughter!’

‘Last chance... You won't want to know what's next.’ Heisenberg's demeanor also changed instantly.

‘To hell with your chance!’ Ethan spat harshly at Heisenberg's face.

‘Then you can die!’ With that, Heisenberg directly kicked Ethan down into the factory's basement.

“Cooperate with a traitor like you? If you can betray Miranda, you can betray me!” Even though he was kicked directly into the factory basement, Song Ren wasn't overthinking it at this moment.

Although Ethan didn't pretend to agree, Song Ren could perfectly understand Ethan's thoughts.

After all, no father would allow their child to be used as a weapon or tool, and furthermore, this Heisenberg, being a traitor, clearly couldn't be trusted too much.

Compared to Heisenberg just now, for Ethan, the plump mysterious merchant Duke was clearly a more trustworthy individual.

Of course, looking at it from another perspective, Ethan is involved in mechanical engineering and Heisenberg in network engineering; it's not surprising that they couldn't see eye to eye.

Kicked directly into the factory's basement, Ethan quickly understood what he was about to face.

A half-human, half-machine creature; its lower body retained human form, but its upper body had been transformed into a massive propeller, spinning like an electric fan.

“Holy cow! Fan Monster!” Seeing the Fan Monster crawl out of the pipe, Song Ren was completely bewildered.

Facing the Fan Monster, Song Ren tried firing two shots, but he quickly realized it wasn't something he could fight; this should be an escape sequence in the story.

He ran all the way up towards the abandoned metal junkyard, but when he pushed open a garbage chute and emerged on top, Song Ren was completely stunned by the sight before him.

What did he see?

Rows of conveyor belts, flashing with red lights, transported corpses to some part of the factory; all these corpses were half-human, half-machine modifications.

This was a massive modification factory!

What happened to Resident Evil as promised!

What the heck, how did this turn into Cyber Crisis!

A gigantic factory, and these modified humans!

This isn't Resident Evil Village; this is Cyber Crisis: Factory, isn't it!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>