Chapter 785: The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim

The development of *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim* proceeded in an orderly fashion, though many intricate details, compared to the original version, required optimization.

Dense fog, rain and snow, and natural phenomena caused by different climates were not heavily featured in the previous life's *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim*.

Then there were the NPCs in *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim*.

Players of the Elder Scrolls series in the previous life had a running joke: if an NPC with a name and surname died in *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim*, they would lament for half a day.

This was mainly because most NPCs in *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim* had their own stories.

But a small number of NPCs indeed made *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim* feel a bit less human.

Furthermore, the various overhaul MODs subsequently created by players for *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim* could be said to have perfectly compensated for its shortcomings.

Of course, this wasn't referring to 'Skyrim of Love,' 'Lab,' or 'Slave' – those rather 'evil' MODs.

Instead, it referred to some functional overhaul MODs that made *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim*'s gameplay more complete.

Although *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim* did not succeed *because* of MODs, MODs certainly enriched the game's content and lifespan.

However, Chen Xu currently had no plans to incorporate these MODs into the official game content, as some functions, while appearing to enrich gameplay, could actually have adverse effects.

For instance, 'Alternate Start - Live Another Life' seemed to offer players great freedom in choosing their origin and starting location, but the game's map itself was actually pre-designed.

Such enjoyment was predicated on players already being quite familiar with the game.

This feeling was akin to facing a new player of *The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild* and, instead of letting them start on the Great Plateau, directly throwing them into Ganon's Castle.

For players familiar with the game, knowing what to do would naturally lead to enjoyment, but it wouldn't be suitable for new players.

Similarly, *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim* was the same. While the game itself offered immense freedom, the early-game quest routes were actually carefully planned.

Whether players followed that path for exploration was their own business.

As time progressed, some domestic and international game developers, such as FOW and Zeus, had basically hinted at news of new project games.

However, many players were more concerned about Nebula Games.

It had been some time since *Xenoblade Chronicles* was launched, and during this period, many players eagerly anticipated the appearance of its DLC.

As for whether there would be any, many players shared a common understanding: there definitely would be. This was because the main game buried too many unresolved plot points, various flashback sequences, and the details surrounding the Aegis War 500 years ago, all of which were vague in the game.

Therefore, many players believed there would be DLC, or even a prequel.

But hadn't it been too long?

As days passed, Nebula Games remained silent, leaving many players restless.

However, soon, with an official Weibo post from Nebula Games, all players understood why there had been no news regarding *Xenoblade Chronicles*'s DLC for so long.

Nebula Games and Mr. Chen were secretly developing a new game!?

And they had returned to the open-world genre!?

This news, once released, was like a single stone stirring up a thousand ripples.

………………

The latest news from Chen Xu and Nebula Games' official Weibo was very simple.

Only a single URL.

When all players clicked on it, the website displayed an ancient scroll.

Then, accompanied by magnificent music, the scroll slowly unfurled in candlelight.

Lines of text appeared on the white scroll.

'In the Second Era, 896, the Dragonborn Emperor Tiber Septim used the Numidium at the height of the Tamrielic Empire to unleash a Dragon Break, defeating the Second Aldmeri Dominion and forcing Summerset Isle to surrender.'

'The continent of Tamriel and Summerset Isle were unified under one empire for the first time, establishing the Tamrielic Empire.'

'Thus, the Second Era ended, and the Third Era began.'

'In the Third Era, 433, Emperor Martin Septim sacrificed himself, banishing the Daedric Prince Mehrunes Dagon to end the Oblivion Crisis and save Tamriel and indeed the entire world of Nirn.'

'But the Emperor's death marked the end of the Septim bloodline, whose members were Dragonborn, bringing the Septim Dynasty to an end, leading to the decline of Dragonborn emperors and the waning of human kingship.'

'Thus the Third Era ended, and the Fourth Era began.'

'Due to the severe devastation of the Oblivion Crisis, the Empire ruling the continent gradually lost effective control over some provinces. Summerset Isle, Black Marsh, and Elsweyr all splintered and declared independence from the Empire.'

'In early 4E 201, the Empire-backed new High King of Skyrim, Torygg, was forced to participate in a traditional Nord duel proposed by Ulfric in Solitude.'

'The young High King was naturally no match for Ulfric, an experienced warrior. So, Ulfric killed Torygg and fled back to Windhelm, uniting the Jarls of eastern Skyrim to launch the Stormcloak Rebellion, confronting Imperial-backed western Skyrim.'

'And the story of *The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim* begins in the province of Skyrim…'

As the text concluded, the scroll was suddenly consumed by flames.

The flames receded, and a massive black dragon appeared, with a warrior holding a sword and shield, whose face was obscured, standing before it.

At the very bottom of the official website, the corresponding game synopsis and content were displayed.

Now all players understood why Nebula Games and Chen Xu had been so quiet lately.

They were cooking up an ultimate move!

*The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim* was Nebula Games' new title.

And judging by the game type description, Mr. Chen had returned to the open-world genre!?.?

Excited comments from players could be seen across various forums and communities.

'Holy cow, Mr. Chen silently dropped an ultimate move!'

'Holy cow, my youth has returned! Nebula Games and Mr. Chen are finally making open-world games again!'

'*The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim* – from the name, it's hard to tell the genre, but this story background is absolutely mind-blowing! Just reading it gives such an epic feeling, it's got that Warcraft vibe!'

Looking at the content revealed on the official website, all players became excited.

After all, this was Nebula Games' new return to open-world gaming.

Speaking of open-world, Nebula Games wasn't without experience, having made *The Witcher: Wild Hunt* and *Assassin's Creed*, which were types of open-world games. Even the previously launched traditional RPG *Xenoblade Chronicles* had a somewhat open feel in terms of its map.

But comparatively, many players shared a common understanding: that in the open-world genre, they had never reached the level of *Red Dead Redemption* or *The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild*.

Even with Nebula Games' external promotions, many players had noticed that while major media outlets generically referred to these games as open-world, Nebula Games had never officially acknowledged them as such.

But this time was different; the promotion explicitly told all players that this was an open-world game.

How could such an official confirmation not surprise players?
(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>
```

```json
{ 