Chapter 339: The Important Matter Is Done (Requesting Subscriptions and Monthly Passes)

With Captain Price joining them, members of Task Force 141, including Soap, Roach, and Ghost, searched the entire world for Makarov's whereabouts.

Meanwhile, the war intensified.

Under the leadership of Sergeant Foley, players controlling Ramirez, a member of the Ranger Regiment, struggled to resist in Washington.

However, under the enemy's offensive, they were steadily retreating.

As the fires of war continued to burn, they contacted Shepherd, the founder of Task Force 141, who stated that Makarov was the cause of all this war, and therefore the immediate priority was to capture Makarov.

However, Captain Price rejected this order.

"To deal with a fire, the best way is to create another big explosion next to that fire."

"Deplete the oxygen, and the flames will naturally extinguish."

Captain Price refused Shepherd's order to capture Makarov and instead decided to use extreme measures to end this war.

Because there was no more time for them to stop the war by capturing Makarov.

Captain Price led a raid on a Russian port, seized control of a nuclear submarine, and launched a ballistic missile with an EMP warhead towards Washington D.C.

After detonating in orbit, the electromagnetic storm instantly paralyzed all electronic equipment along the entire East Coast.

As is well known, in modern warfare, electronic information equipment is a major weapon.

From guided missiles used for carpet bombing to the red dot sights on soldiers' firearms, everything was affected by the EMP.

In the level named 'Second Sun', Zhang Yi once again witnessed the power of a nuclear bomb explosion.

However, while the previous nuclear bomb had exploded in a city, this time it detonated in the upper atmosphere over the United States.

Here, Zhang Yi played an astronaut on a space station in outer space, witnessing a shocking scene firsthand.

However, the space station in outer space was affected and destroyed by a powerful shockwave.

The astronaut perished.

"Damn it, this astronaut is really jinxed! I originally thought Allen, as the discovered traitor, was miserable enough, but this astronaut is the real unlucky guy!" Zhang Yi couldn't help but sigh.

There were many unlucky people in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare.

For example, Allen, who only lived for three episodes, and Paul Jackson, who was in the city in the previous installment.

As well as the two pilot-drivers who died while rescuing Nikolai, and Boris from the SAS team.

But all these characters were part of the war.

In short, their fate was sealed.

But this astronaut in outer space, one could say, was truly tragic.

He didn't do anything, and he was gone.

However, even though the astronaut suffered the worst luck imaginable.

This indiscriminate and radical action did indeed bring a strategic advantage to the U.S. forces.

The Ranger Regiment operated in darkness, launching a counterattack against the Russian army.

But similarly, due to this missile attack in the upper atmosphere over Washington, the U.S. military headquarters believed Washington had fallen and prepared to launch airstrikes against it.

When the Ranger Regiment learned of this news, they immediately decided to retake the White House and send a signal to the U.S. forces to abort the airstrike mission.

Under the command of their officer, players, acting as a member of the Ranger Regiment, fought their way to the upper levels of the White House, and then, on the ruins of the White House, waved green signal flares.

As the green flares lit up amidst the shattered ruins of the White House, declaring that Washington had not fallen today, the Air Force immediately aborted its bombing plan.

After the intense fighting was temporarily eased, Captain Price, using the intelligence he had gathered, devised a two-pronged capture plan with Shepherd.

Shepherd: 'I possess ultimate command authority. I now order you to use all means to pursue and eliminate Makarov.'

'We are not savages; we will not indiscriminately kill civilians. We will kill with a single strike.'

'The enemy hiding in the shadows, we must use all our might to drag him out and bring him to justice.'

'Now, if we expose his true colors, history will be rewritten.'

'I have received intelligence. These two locations may be Makarov's last hiding places.'

Captain Price: 'Does this mean we have to split our forces and attack two locations simultaneously?'

Shepherd: 'Is that impossible?'

Captain Price: 'There's nothing Task Force 141 cannot do!'

Ghost: 'There's a fifty-fifty chance of eliminating Makarov in either location, right? Captain Price, please allow Roach and me to raid the safe house!'

Captain Price: 'Granted. Soap and I will head to the abandoned airfield in Afghanistan.'

The final battle plan had been drafted.

The core squad of Task Force 141 split into two groups, simultaneously launching their pursuit of Makarov.

General Shepherd, on the other hand, was responsible for covering their rear and cutting off all of Makarov's escape routes.

"Covering the rear? Shouldn't that be my job? But am I not going with Captain Price and Soap?" Zhang Yi grumbled inwardly, a hint of excitement also bubbling inside him.

Makarov, at last, could not escape his fate!

Aboard an attack helicopter, Ghost, Roach, and a team codenamed 'Scarecrow', 'Lingdian', 'Sharpshooter', and 'Toad' completed this assault mission.

The codename for this level's operation: The Important Matter Is Done.

In the jungle, Roach and Ghost were ready. The team slowly advanced towards the safe house. Upon receiving confirmation that the sniper was in position, Ghost issued the assault order.

"Assault team, prepare to advance. Fire on sight of Makarov!"

Deep in the dense forest, Ghost, Roach, and other members of the assault team concealed themselves in the thick bushes, slowly approaching the safe house.

But just as they were about to reach the safe house, they heard a sound near their feet.

Then came Ghost's voice: "Get down!"

Immediately followed by a series of 'Boom! Boom! Boom!' explosions.

"Holy crap! They have landmines!"

Quickly dropping to the ground, Zhang Yi, in the game, was filled with tension.

The atmosphere was perfectly set, especially since a landmine had just exploded right next to him.

If it were reality, he'd definitely be gone.

But fortunately, this was a game, so his screen merely turned gray, and Roach, after a few gasps, was back on his feet.

However, the other teammates in the game were not so lucky; two minor characters, without even codenames, died on the spot.

And with the explosion of the landmine, the enemies stationed there were also alerted.

Immediately, the scene became incredibly chaotic.

"Go, go, go! Move it, quickly, Roach!" Ghost charged ahead, his assault rifle eliminating the enemies in front of him, then rushed towards the safe house under the sniper's cover.

After a skirmish, the enemies in the safe house were completely eliminated, but they found it empty.

Makarov was not here.

But it wasn't a total loss; here they found a computer containing evidence of Makarov's crimes.

After the investigation, Ghost conversed with Shepherd.

"Excellent, Ghost. Collect all the intel. I'm coming with the extraction force, expected to arrive in five minutes. Hold on."

With that, Shepherd ended the communication.

Next, Roach and Ghost needed to defend the safe house, because Makarov would certainly not let them take this evidence easily.

Their task was to withstand the enemy's attack and await Shepherd's reinforcement.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>