Chapter 660: This Atmosphere Feels A Little Off! (Requesting Subscriptions and Monthly Passes)

On December 1st, *BioShock* was officially unlocked.

Just like *Call of Duty: Modern Warfare* back then, this time, *BioShock* only unlocked the installment titled 'Infinite'.

As for the other installment subtitled 'Rapture', it was tentatively scheduled for release on the 15th.

This news, once released, also drew countless complaints from players.

Why?

Because it was clear that Nebula Games was going to be a Cliffhanger-Dog again!

Inside Nebula World, Zhang Yi was chatting with Song Ren while waiting for the game to unlock.

“Speaking of which, I wonder what the plot of *BioShock: Infinite* is? I just have a bad feeling about it.” Song Ren said from the other end.

After all, Mr. Chen's biggest characteristic was stabbing people in the back.

And unlike how ordinary people stab, Mr. Chen hid the knife in a box; sometimes the box contained chocolates, and sometimes it contained a knife.

“Didn't some masters on the internet analyze it? This game might be similar to *The Last of Us*.” Zhang Yi said.

“Based on what? It looks like a father-daughter duo? So why can't it be like Ethan Winters in *Resident Evil Village*?” Song Ren retorted.

“You wouldn't understand this. Mr. Chen's stabbings follow a pattern. After *Resident Evil Village* delivered its blow, he made a game with an ending like *The Last of Us*, so wasn't that good? Then he made *World of Warcraft* with characters like Marshal and Tirion Fordring, and a bunch of torturous side quests, plus raid dungeons that put players through hell. This new game definitely has to give us some sugar, right?” Zhang Yi declared confidently.

“Although what you said makes a lot of sense, I still feel like you're talking nonsense.” Song Ren, on the other end of the voice chat, expressed his doubts.

“Alright, alright, it's unlocked. I won't blabber with you anymore. Let facts prove everything, okay?” Zhang Yi hummed.

Seeing the time was up and *BioShock: Infinite* was lit up in his Nebula Games inventory, Zhang Yi decisively hung up the phone with Song Ren.

Inside Nebula World, the entrance to *BioShock: Infinite*, like other games, was a portal leading to the starry cosmos.

Stepping inside, Zhang Yi heard the sound of wind and waves, then slowly opened his eyes. Just like in the previous promotional trailer, Zhang Yi was sitting on a small wooden boat at this very moment.

“Can't they give me a more luxurious cruise ship?” Zhang Yi couldn't help but complain. From the promotional trailer, the setting of *BioShock: Infinite* could be described as standard steampunk.

There were massive airships and all sorts of surreal technology, so what the heck was this artificial small wooden boat?

As the boat sailed on the sea, dark clouds soon gathered in the sky, and large raindrops fell from above.

The rain blurred his vision, and a line of subtitles appeared before Zhang Yi's eyes.

'The subject's brain will desperately create some groundless memories and believe them to be true... Obstacles across Parallel Worlds — R, Lutece, 1889.'

That simple sentence gave Zhang Yi a strange feeling.

Based on Zhang Yi's gaming experience, such opening subtitle narrations definitely held deep meaning.

For example, 'I will find my treasure' at the beginning of *Uncharted* and 'The end of the outlaw era' at the beginning of *Red Dead Redemption* both carried a metaphor.

But what did this sentence from *BioShock: Infinite* mean?

Zhang Yi racked his brains, mentally reviewing the knowledge he had learned in high school and college with his eyes closed. Ten seconds later, Zhang Yi opened his eyes and declared that he would temporarily give up thinking.

As this thought emerged, the sound of wind, waves, and thunder continued to echo in Zhang Yi's ears.

Accompanying these sounds, the game screen slowly appeared before him.

It was still sailing on the sea.

Only, the sky had already turned to night.

Heavy rain fell from the sky, and the distant lighthouse was very conspicuous.

At this moment, he was sitting in a small boat lit by an oil lamp, slowly sailing towards the distant lighthouse.

At the bow of the boat sat a lady and a man who was rowing, both bickering and arguing with each other.

'Are you just going to sit there?'

'Compared to what? Standing?'

'Not persevering, but arguing.'

'Arguing? I wasn't planning on arguing with you.'

'So you want me to do more?'

'No, but I do think you rowing alone is enough.'

The two people in front conversed, then the woman turned her head and handed over a box.

Large raindrops fell from the sky onto his face. It was still an uncontrollable cutscene.

Including the in-game camera, it was currently uncontrollable.

However, what surprised Zhang Yi was that despite the cartoon rendering art style.

The game's visual presentation was still very delicate, especially the depiction of this rainy scene.

Compared to the sea escape in *Uncharted* back then, it wasn't as stunning.

Yet, the cartoon rendering style possessed a texture that realistic styles lacked.

Zhang Yi lowered his head and looked at the box he had received from the woman. It had some information written on it – 'This item belongs to Booker DeWitt, Seventh Cavalry: Wounded Knee.'

Seeing the information on the box, Zhang Yi immediately knew that the game's protagonist should be this person named Booker DeWitt.

As for Wounded Knee.

When he played *Red Dead Redemption* back then, Zhang Yi had learned about this piece of history.

This marked the end of the Native American armed uprising against settlers and was also a massacre of the Sioux.

So, was the game's protagonist, Booker DeWitt, a soldier who had participated in the Wounded Knee Massacre?

Zhang Yi speculated in his mind.

At this point, the man and woman in front began talking to themselves again.

In the game, Booker questioned them, but received only ambiguous answers.

It was at this moment that Zhang Yi also realized he could operate the game.

Looking at the box on his lap, Zhang Yi tried to open it and found that he could.

Inside the box was a password icon, and besides that, a pistol and a photograph.

It was a photograph of a young girl, with her name 'Elizabeth' written on the front. On the back of the photo was a sentence – "Bring her back unharmed."

As the boat reached its destination, the lighthouse, a note was affixed to the wooden door of the lighthouse entrance.

It read: "Bring us the girl, Booker DeWitt, and your debt will be wiped clean. This is your last chance."

The note also had some bloodstains on it.

“This atmosphere, it feels a little off!”

Looking around, Zhang Yi swallowed hard.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>