Chapter 903: DLC and Multiplayer Content

Chapter 903: DLC and Multiplayer Content

On Chen Xu's official Weibo account, there was just a simple video.

After clicking on it, the screen showed the familiar Lost City and Liberty City.

As the background music 'wecometolossantos' began to play,

Inside a textile factory in the city, a balding man with a cane was talking to another middle-aged man.

'We should talk about work now. I know you've been complaining a lot before…'

'But you weren't ready then.'

'Now, you need a reliable crew.'

The scene then shifted, still inside the textile factory, where four fully armed individuals stood before the balding man with the cane.

Action plans were written on a blackboard.

'We all love banks!'

Following a cheer with a group of people raising their hands, the screen went dark.

The next moment the video appeared, the camera had switched to outside a bank. 

In the dead of night, countless police sirens blared across the sky outside the bank's main entrance. More than a dozen police cars were parked on the street in front of the bank, and numerous police officers disembarking from them were standing ready.

Inside the bank, a group of masked bandits had already stormed into the vault, checking large piles of USD and stuffing them into their backpacks.

'Only by doing the right thing at the right time can you make money.'

The next shot moved to a hillside, where a fierce-looking but even balder man appeared, carrying a briefcase in his hand.

'You must infiltrate carefully!'

On a huge cruise ship, armed bandits charged. 

A hail of bullets, pure madness, attack helicopters, tanks, RPG rocket launchers—all sorts of intense action sequences.

On the highway, countless police cars chased a black sports car, bullets hitting the body and sending out sparks.

A helicopter slowly descended in front, firmly attaching the sports car with a magnetic gripper, then pulled away.

'The first thing we need to do is find a bus and a helicopter.'

In the dark night, a group of people intercepted a bus.

'Next is to get the surveillance footage of the criminals' transfer!'

Inside a prison, two burly men, dressed in police uniforms and wearing sunglasses, swaggered into an office and retrieved a document.

'Are you sure they're not following you?'

In the rainy night, a sports car sped through the streets.

Behind it were closely pursuing attack helicopters and several black vans.

'It just takes a little trick, easy, right? This should be the easiest money you've ever made.'

'After things calm down, enjoy yourselves to the fullest!'

Lost City with its vibrant nightlife, Vice City with its extravagant pleasures, the bustling Liberty City…

Splurging millions in casinos, opening a million-dollar diamond champagne in a bar, driving a cruise ship on a calm sea to enjoy the view.

'Or running a small business.'

Sitting in a high-end office in a suit, a female assistant handed over a document.

'Experience gang warfare and life-or-death speed.'

Street racing and gunfights, with sharp, short-cut editing.

Finally, as the screen plunged into darkness, large characters appeared in the center of the screen.

'Vice City Multiplayer Mode and DLC Coming Soon!'

………………

Before this, many players had already discussed whether Vice City would have DLC content or when multiplayer mode would be available.

After all, compared to the puzzle-focused Zelda and the slow-paced Red Dead Redemption,

Vice City, with its airplanes, sports cars, cruise ships, and gunfights, had a faster gameplay rhythm, and its theme and content offered players a more direct and stimulating sensory experience.

In terms of gameplay modes and content, many players had a sense of anticipation for a multiplayer experience.

The previous Payday robbery gameplay had left many players regretting that it wasn't an open-world game.

Now, Vice City virtually met all their desires, with the sole exception being the inability to play online multiplayer.

While the outside world was mired in controversy, many players were indeed discussing this aspect, but they had not received a positive answer from Nebula Games or Chen Xu.

But now, the appearance of this video made it perfectly clear to them: Nebula Games was fully prepared, and Vice City would have an online multiplayer mode.

What excited them even more was that, based on the promotional video and the released information for this online multiplayer mode,

Not only was multiplayer mode launching, but also a brand new DLC story, and the timeline seemed to have advanced many years.

After all, the game's landmarks, various vehicles, and so on had all undergone a qualitative leap, becoming more advanced.

This immediately got many players excited. Although the game's core gameplay content was already extensive,

Equally captivating to players were the various story missions in the game.

Some were absurd, some were cool, some were humorous, and some made players sad.

One could say they were incredibly brilliant.

And now, Vice City not only had a multiplayer mode but also a story DLC.

This naturally made players incredibly excited.

For its online content, Chen Xu also added many different elements compared to the original version.

After all, this was an open world encompassing major cities like Lost City, Liberty City, and Vice City.

Players would take on the role of a silent protagonist, frequenting various cities in the game, completing a series of corresponding missions, earning reputation and money, and thus building their own criminal empire.

………………

On various online community forums, players' discussions were buzzing everywhere.

'From the promotional video, it looks like there are brand new story missions!'

'Exactly, and from the trailer, the new story missions seem even more intense!'

'But the story seems to be centered in Lost City; I saw many familiar landmarks.'

'I can't wait; I want to be a big Monopoly in Lost City!'

'For multiplayer mode, I wonder what the gameplay will be like?'

'The video seems to have revealed quite a bit. Traditional elements like car racing, buying yachts, luxury cars, and helicopters are definitely in, and it also looks like we can rob banks, just like in Payday.'

'Not only that, there are also prison break scenes.'

'I wonder if we can claim territory? It looks like the game's timeline has advanced quite a few years, right?'

'I feel like multiplayer mode will definitely have that gameplay; isn't it just like two sides fighting in an FPS game?'

'That's true.'

'So, any bros want to go robbing together?'

'+1, bros who want to rob together, DM me your Nebula Games ID; let's rob together then!'

'Let's rob together, make big money together, add me then!'

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>