Chapter 182: My Current Situation is a Bit Awkward! (Please Subscribe, Monthly Passes)

At the cemetery, Song Ren found a small path leading straight down, which excited him.

“Sure enough, this path must be the right one! But it doesn't look like the Undead Burg mentioned before; it's a bit like the Underground Ruins?”

Looking at the path winding downwards, Song Ren muttered to himself.

But he didn't dwell on it much now; he just kept running forward.

The souls on him had already been consumed by leveling up earlier. At this very moment, he only had less than a three-digit amount of souls on him, so what was there to fear?

The burden had been cast aside; now he was a free little bird.

Running down the stairs, Song Ren saw a dark opening and directly chose to squeeze through.

At the same time, the name of the new area appeared at the top of the screen: Catacombs.

“NICE! It's definitely the right way! As long as I pass through these Catacombs, I should be able to reach the Underground Ruins!”

Seeing the name of the new area appear, Song Ren was very excited.

After all, “Underground Ruins” and “Catacombs” both share two characters!

And since they're both underground, there must be some connection.

As for Blighttown, which the Crestfallen Warrior mentioned earlier, Song Ren subconsciously overlooked it.

“The attack power is so high! As expected, the new game, compared to its predecessor, not only has improved map and level design, but also a small increase in numerical values!”

On the stairwell leading to the catacombs, Song Ren encountered two skeleton monsters wielding swords. He accidentally took a hit, and his health immediately dropped by half.

After all, due to being overweight, he wasn't wearing his knight's armor. Watching his health, he rolled several times to create distance, then drank an Estus Flask to recover the lost health.

“If it were an ordinary 'iron-headed' rookie player, they would fight them bit by bit. But unfortunately, as a seasoned Firelinker, I know too much about the world of Dark Souls!” Looking at the two skeleton soldiers shambling after him, Song Ren chuckled, as if returning to his wise self from the Undead Asylum, seeing through all traps.

In this moment, he was not fighting alone! Zhang Zifang, Guan Yiwu, Liu Bowen, countless historical strategists seemed to stand behind him.

The further down he went, the lower the visibility of the entire map became. Fortunately, the background music wasn't too creepy, and there were torches lighting the walls; otherwise, it would instantly turn into a horror game.

And there were even three formidable-looking skull monsters on the way. Luckily, he ran fast.

Skillfully dodging the skeleton soldiers on the path, Song Ren rolled down the stairs when he reached them, not thinking much of it as he continued forward.

There were some skeleton soldiers wielding longswords on the way. Adhering to the strategy of avoiding fights when possible, Song Ren chose to go around them.

Then, his sharp eyes spotted a small broken hole in the left wall.

Rolling inside, he was met by a Lantern Hollow, conjuring a large fireball in its hand, and beside it was an unlit bonfire.

And there was also a rather obvious switch next to the Lantern Hollow.

Seeing the incoming large fireball, Song Ren quickly rolled to dodge it, then ran to the bonfire and chose to light it.

After lighting it, finally free from worries, Song Ren picked up his Spiked Mace and rushed towards the Lantern Mage, hammering away.

Its movements were stiff, and aside from seemingly having a bit too much health, it wasn't much of a threat.

“Sure enough, this game is full of malice! First, the giant iron ball in the Undead Asylum, and now this Lantern Hollow!”

“A bonfire, and a Lantern Hollow launching giant fireballs! An unsuspecting normal player, getting fireballed to the face while seeing the bonfire so close, how despairing would that be?”

“What a blow to the rookies' morale! Only someone like me, who has played the previous Dark Souls and linked the Fire many times, could handle this. Otherwise, most players would probably die from getting fireballed in the face and suffer a mental breakdown, right?” Song Ren gazed at the lit bonfire, feeling very warm, and couldn't help but sigh with emotion.

It was just a shame he was playing this game alone, with no one watching behind him to cheer him on.

Thinking of this, Song Ren pulled out his phone, found Zhang Yi in his friends list, and sent a message: “Old Zhang, how's your progress? The difficulty of this game isn't just a little bit higher!”

On the other side, Zhang Yi, who had just arrived at Undead Burg outside the city and was then surrounded by ghostly soldiers and sent back to the bonfire, also noticed the message from Song Ren on his phone. Looking at the “YOU DIED!” on his screen, Zhang Yi replied with great agreement: “Yeah! The regular monsters deal a lot more damage compared to the previous game! And it's easy to aggro a bunch of them by accident, their aggression is much higher too.”

Meanwhile, Song Ren replied while playing: “Right? And it's especially insidious; the first bonfire even has a Lantern Hollow throwing giant fireballs at you.”

“????????? Lantern Hollow? Wasn't the first bonfire the attic in Undead Burg, guarded by a group of Undead soldiers and an archer?” Zhang Yi paused.

Meanwhile, inside the Catacombs.

“Swish, swish, swish, swish...!”

After being hit by a triple slash from two longsword-wielding skeletons and sent back to the Lantern Hollow's location, Song Ren froze when he saw Zhang Yi's message.

Undead Burg outside the city!?

Not the Catacombs!?

Song Ren seemed to have realized something terrible. He didn't even notice the Lantern Mage launching two more large fireballs at him, making him “admire” the “YOU DIED!” screen again.

At this point, Zhang Yi's messages continued: “Old Song, you didn't go to the wrong map, did you? I also went to the wrong map at first, ended up in a place called New Londo Ruins.”

“I'm telling you, that place is something else! The few hollows at the entrance don't fight back, just like the High Wall of Lothric in the previous game. But if you go deeper, ghosts appear, and each one attacks ferociously. The most crucial thing is that I couldn't even hit them; they're truly like ghosts!”

“I guess this game puts all the high-level maps, usually accessible only in the late game, right next to Firelink Shrine.”

“Old Song, are you alright?”

Zhang Yi, who hadn't received a reply from Song Ren for a long time, asked.

Looking at Zhang Yi's text messages on his phone, and then at the Lantern Mage who was still repeatedly killing him.

Song Ren's hand, holding his phone, trembled slightly as he replied: “Not very good. My situation is a little bit awkward!”

A little bit awkward!?

It was more than just a little bit!

Song Ren discovered an even more crucial problem.

That was, when he came to these Catacombs, he had rolled down from the stairs.

And as everyone knows, the Undead have no knees, so there was no way to go back the same way.

An even more important point was that he had lit the bonfire in front of him.

And unlike the previous game, bonfires in this installment didn't have a warp function.

This meant that after he died, he would continue to respawn in front of this bonfire.

To get back to Firelink Shrine, he would have to find another path!

Looking at the Lantern Hollow that was still diligently throwing large fireballs at him.

Song Ren's mindset underwent a slight change.

(End of Chapter)