Chapter 150: Unable to Bear (Sixth Update, Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Zhang Yi and Wang Han merrily continued their game journey.

It must be said that Rose's room, this scene was the most interesting they had encountered so far.

Not to mention the previous space journey. The various fun mini-games within the Hopscotch scene had them continually amazed. And after arriving at the train station, Dr. Hakim from the Book of Love reappeared, sucking them into a Kaleidoscope. Every scene was very interesting, and of course, all of them were related to toys. The puzzles in these scenes were also very engaging.

For example, after successfully arriving at the train station, they found four corresponding dolls and entered a new scene, 'Dinosaur Park'. The pushcart they were using to move forward hit a sleeping dinosaur, forcing the two to use various methods to wake it up and make it open its mouth wide to continue. Here, one player controlled a large dinosaur to bite a handle, while the other player rode a small red dragon forward. Afterwards, they had to control various dinosaur toys within Dinosaur Park to overcome mechanisms. This was almost the most complex puzzle that Wang Han and Zhang Yi had faced.

However, after this, a thrilling sea battle soon began. The final BOSS battle was even a duel with the giant octopus that had appeared in the promotional trailer. It was truly thrilling and exciting.

After defeating the octopus, they even put on a circus performance, with one person riding a bicycle and another holding a balance beam. This tacit cooperation was no longer limited to the simple switch-flipping from the beginning. Instead, it was a more intricate collaboration.

After leaving the circus, this part of the journey didn't involve any puzzles; it was simply about cooperating to reach the castle. This allowed Wang Han and Zhang Yi to relax for a while. After the two arrived at the castle, the guards in the castle discovered them. Cody and May decided to lie and bluff their way through, but then Dr. Hakim suddenly appeared and declared that the two were there to assassinate the queen. So the guards imprisoned Cody and May in a prison cell.

Here, Cody and May cooperated to escape the prison cell, and also gained brand new abilities in this scene. The two respectively acquired Ice magic and Fire magic, and the game's perspective suddenly changed to a top-down view. Instantly, the game transformed from an action-adventure into an RPG Dungeon Crawling game. Cody's ability allowed him to teleport through iron bars and freeze lava, while May's ability was a long-distance dash. Essentially, like most RPGs, this level involved fighting mobs, then elite monsters, and finally the king and queen from chess. The combat segment was actually very simple, just typical RPG tropes. But Wang Han and Zhang Yi had a blast playing it.

The main reason was that they had no idea this game could be played like this. Gunfights, sea battles, racing, fighting, and now even RPGs had appeared. Coupled with the numerous mini-games, the only word to describe their feeling towards this game was 'astonishing'.

However, after a brief excitement, the subsequent plot made both Zhang Yi and Wang Han feel a bit uncomfortable.

After escaping from the castle, Cody and May encountered the Little Elephant Queen Cutie. "I'm Rose's best friend, do you want some cookies?" Little Cutie looked at Cody and May, forgave them, and even kindly invited them to eat cookies. Moreover, Little Cutie felt that Cody and May seemed troubled and proactively hugged them. But Little Cutie didn't expect that Cody and May's goal was actually to destroy her.

"Oh my goodness! Why are you harming me?" "I'm just Little Cutie, an adorable elephant everyone loves!" "I love Rose, and Rose loves me!" "I don't want to be destroyed!" The crying Little Cutie tried to escape by rocket, but it was still struck down with stones. Amidst Little Cutie's cries, Cody and May, believing that their daughter's tears would turn them back into humans, still destroyed her.

Compared to the original version in his previous life, Chen Xu here weakened some of the cruel aspects, mainly because this segment of the plot was indispensable. After all, the theme of this chapter was 'What adults consider a disposable toy, is a child's best companion.' However, in Chen Xu's opinion, the way this level was handled in his previous life, to achieve such a double satire, even making players act as executioners themselves, felt a bit overdone for the game itself. So, Chen Xu made some changes in this area. But despite this, many players who reached this point still felt a bit uncomfortable.

In the game, they found Little Cutie fallen from the cabinet and damaged. Finally, their daughter Rose couldn't help but cry sadly. But at this moment, Cody and May, instead, ran joyfully to their daughter. They even danced amidst their daughter's tears. However, to their astonishment, they did not turn back into humans as they had previously expected; they were still in their puppet forms. But by the bed, they found a letter, which seemed to contain information on how they could return to their human selves. Just then, Dr. Hakim, who had been instigating trouble and destruction all along, reappeared. And he tore the letter into shreds.

At this moment, Zhang Yi and Wang Han couldn't help but cheer for their fellow players. All along, Dr. Hakim had clearly played the role of a guide in the game. But because Dr. Hakim had repeatedly sabotaged Cody and May's good intentions and constantly instigated trouble, Wang Han and Zhang Yi hadn't particularly liked this character. But this latest scene, on the contrary, made them both feel extremely gratifying. After all, the previous plot scene was indeed a bit oppressive.

Mainly because before this, players had always felt joy. Cody and May had tricked and played pranks on each other throughout their journey. Accompanied by the eccentric Dr. Hakim, the entire game felt like a joyful comedy. It even made many players subconsciously ignore May and Cody's relationship. But the scene with the Little Elephant Queen Cutie directly pulled players back. Although the visuals were still very cartoonish, without even any gore, it still made many players unable to bear it.

Of course, another big reason was that the previous BOSSes they defeated, like the vacuum cleaner and the toolbox, had all shown aggressive intent. However, the Elephant Princess did not attack; instead, she was very friendly, only having her subordinates block Cody and May. As for the Rhinoceros Beetle, the tool insect mount in the Heart of the Tree that Cody and May had originally promised to get honey for, it was ignored by many players, as it truly had a bit of a lack of presence.

(End of Chapter)