Chapter 913: Covered in Flags

“Is this background information? Do we win by successfully surviving for a certain period while being hunted by the Pinkerton Agents?”

Song Ren was pondering the characteristics of this mode, looking at the story background introduction.

“Probably, but it seems there aren’t just the three of us in the game; there are also competitors!” Zhang Yi said in the voice channel.

Because after the previous background story introduction ended, two victory conditions popped up in front of the three of them:

【Successfully escape with the gang】or【Eliminate other players outside your team】

Win if any one of these two conditions is met. However, from the latter condition, they could infer that there were other players in the game.

Obviously, these other players were most likely playing as Pinkerton Agents.

“So this is a PvP game too! Aren’t we definitely going to lose then?” Wang Han sighed with some emotion.

“No, why are we definitely going to lose? Don’t undermine the team’s morale right from the start!”

“Exactly, exactly! We’re super brave, okay?!”

Hearing Wang Han’s words, Zhang Yi and Song Ren, who were still discussing the new mode’s gameplay, became displeased.

What’s that supposed to mean?

Looking down on them, huh?

The game hadn't even started, and they didn't even know what the specific gameplay of this mode was, yet she had already decided they were doomed to lose?

“Heh heh…”

Facing Song Ren and Zhang Yi’s indignant remarks, Wang Han said nothing more, just a “heh heh.”

Two simple words, yet they contained infinite sarcasm.

As the three chatted, the game screen began to change. A relatively short CG cutscene appeared. It wasn't the Van der Linde gang, nor did it feature familiar characters like Arthur Morgan or Dutch.

But in terms of story presentation, it made players like Zhang Yi, who had played Red Dead Redemption, sigh with emotion.

Just like when Dutch and Arthur Morgan robbed the Saint Denis bank, with Hosea killed and John captured, the gang in the cutscene hadn’t even opened the vault door before they were instantly surrounded by Pinkerton Agents.

The attack resulted in heavy casualties, and they barely managed to fight their way out.

Afterward, whether it was Strawberry Town or Valentine, every time they had just settled down for a while, the Pinkerton Agents would arrive.

Now they had come to a place very familiar to players: Blackwater Town.

The place where the Van der Linde gang first failed.

“Blackwater Town, this damn place is unlucky!” Zhang Yi couldn’t help but grumble as the gang arrived in Blackwater Town in the CG cutscene.

“But there are even NPCs? And we have to protect a certain number of surviving NPCs? If the gang is defeated, the mission fails?” Song Ren smacked his lips, looking at the quest prompts in the top right corner.

In his opinion, this survival mode was most likely similar to a hide-and-seek chase, or a battle royale like Warzone.

Initially, the activity area would be large, then gradually shrink, and they would win by being the last ones standing.

But now it seemed like a convoy escort mission?

Escorting the gang to a safe point together?

“The map is too big, after all. If there were no restrictions, it would probably take a year to finish one round,” Wang Han didn't think too much about it.

Although the Red Dead Redemption map wasn't Nebula Games' largest game map, it definitely ranked in the top ten.

On such a large map, if they really wanted to avoid combat, it would probably take a year.

As the three talked, the cutscene ended. Including them, a total of seven people were in a temporary camp outside Blackwater Town.

Through the communication in the CG cutscene, they basically understood their current situation.

They were in Blackwater Town, and like Dutch and his gang in the original game’s story, they needed to get money and then set off for a safe place.

Whether they were going to Tahiti to grow mangoes, Zhang Yi and the others didn't know.

But one thing was certain: just like Dutch in the game's story,

Joseph, their current gang leader in this survival mode, also excelled at making grand promises.

“Gentlemen!” Joseph, the gang leader, was passionately painting a big picture.

“The Saint Denis operation was just an accident! The plan was perfect, we just had bad luck, and I believe our luck has turned. After leaving Saint Denis, in Strawberry Town, in Valentine, we’ve faced two attacks from Pinkerton Agents, and one attack from bounty hunters and local gangs on the road, but…”

Taking a deep breath, Joseph’s face flushed slightly. He continued in a very infectious tone: “We survived! Every time we turned danger into safety! Not a single member was lost! Our wealth is even growing! Blackwater Town, after this score, we’re going to Mexico to grow some leaves!”

Good heavens! Dutch 2.0?

Or perhaps Dutch knew this guy?

Zhang Yi, Song Ren, and Wang Han were dumbfounded. If they hadn't played Red Dead Redemption, they almost would have believed him.

This was like a grand general taking the stage, his banners already fully planted! Every word was a flag.

“But I have to say, to be a team leader, while ability and intelligence may not be low, emotional intelligence really can’t be bad,” Song Ren said with some emotion.

“Couldn't agree more,” Zhang Yi and Wang Han nodded in agreement.

Isn't it true?

The words coming out of old Joseph's mouth were just different.

A person with low emotional intelligence would only say, 'We've been chased all this way, and I don't know how much longer we can hold out. Perhaps tomorrow will be our last day.'

Look at this leader's high emotional intelligence. Although we've been chased like dogs, no one has died, which means what? Our luck has turned! Heaven's will is with us! Our future is bright and promising days await us; once we finish this job, we'll live a good life.

After a speech that lasted about two minutes, Joseph in the game stopped his grand promise-making and began to assign tasks.

“Alright, boys, lastly, I still have to emphasize: Safety! Safety! And damn it, more safety!”

“We don't have much time left. We need to get some more money in Blackwater Town, and while we’re at it, gather some information about going to Mexico, and also acquire some supplies.”

“But remember, act discreetly! Before those hyenas arrive, we need to secure our retreat.”

As Joseph’s words fell, Zhang Yi, Wang Han, and Song Ren’s quest UI in the upper right corner simultaneously updated with the latest tasks.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>