Chapter 353: Immensely Popular (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

“Fight me! What a joke! The King of Gulag Prison never loses face, no need to pool money to save me, pool it for Old Zhang instead!”

After defeating his opponent in Gulag Prison and parachuting back in, Song Ren's voice was loud.

“Heh heh, no need! I also fought my way out!” Zhang Yi stated that he had also won.

“Perfect, I've gathered 8000 Yuan. I'll call in an airdrop to fully equip everyone with weapons, and then I can buy a pack of armor plates.” Wang Han, who was doing missions all over the map, said.

“Holy cow, isn't Old Zhang's box from that poor guy we killed earlier? You looted it for two minutes before you died, and now you're coming back to loot it again? There's only a white M13, a concussion grenade, a frag grenade, and a pile of bullets in total. How many times do you need to loot it?” Song Ren saw Zhang Yi looting a glowing box and immediately went over to sniff around.

After seeing what was inside, Song Ren was completely speechless.

“You don't understand, these are the spoils of war from someone I killed. I might not pick them up, but I must savor them.” Zhang Yi said, as if it were only natural.

“Do you guys think we can win this round?” Wang Han asked after calling in an airdrop.

“Absolutely!” Song Ren ran to the airdrop location, waiting for the airdrop crate to fall.

Although he had said this countless times in the past four hours.

“But this game is really addictive! I calculated it, I've played for over four hours, and I've only killed less than 20 people, and that includes those I killed in prison. But the more I play, the more I want to play.” Zhang Yi said with emotion.

………………

It wasn't just Zhang Yi; many players experiencing the Warzone mode felt the same way.

Online content about the 'Warzone' mode also gradually increased.

Many players were discussing related topics.

“I feel like this new Warzone mode is really fun!”

“Haha, I've been playing all afternoon, it's really interesting, even though I haven't made it into the top ten once.”

“Yeah, it's really different from regular FPS.”

“I don't think it should be called Warzone; it should be called 'Call of Duty: My Brother 4500' or 'Call of Duty: My Brother 9000 Yuan'.”

“4500? 9000 Yuan? What does that mean?”

“It means that the first time you die in the game, you can go to prison for a 1v1. If you win, you get out. If you lose, as long as your teammates are alive, they can spend 4500 to revive you. For two people, that's 9000 Yuan.”

“Haha, this setting is so interesting! Living teammates are useless, but dead teammates have maximum presence.”

“Honestly, if this game wasn't for fighting in the Gulag, it would be meaningless.”

Many players were enthusiastically discussing it.

Initially, many players didn't have strong feelings about this brand-new Warzone mode.

Because it felt just average, without much unique character.

But once they actually got their hands on it and played, these players realized the game was genuinely fun to play.

Vehicles, weapon scavenging, various modern equipment, and parachuting.

In fact, these game settings haven't been unseen in other FPS games.

However, when all combined, especially with the 'poison circle survival' gameplay, it made all players feel a bit addicted.

It felt completely different from traditional FPS games; every round was full of novelty.

For traditional FPS games, there isn't much suspense.

Basically, after entering the game and playing a round or two,

It's pretty clear which side will win this match.

Because the differences between players are all laid bare. Continuing to play means the outcome is predetermined, though weaker players can achieve kills by ambushing others, gaining a better experience than in RTS.

But 'Warzone' gave players a very different feeling.

One of the most intuitive feelings was that there was always something to do at every moment.

Although there is currently only one map called Verdansk, it is simply too vast. Coupled with different starting areas each round, different flight paths, different numbers of enemies encountered, and the ever-changing poison circle, as well as varying supplies and weapons in every house.

This provided players with plenty of novelty. Many players even specifically looked for clothes within the game.

These were also some elements Chen Xu specifically added that differed from his previous life.

Battle royale games in his previous life went from prosperity to decline not only due to third-party factors like cheats, poor optimization, and diversion by similar titles, but also a very important reason: the constant lack of novelty. For example, in the early days of PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, it took over a year for truly new maps, weapons, and movement systems like climbing to appear; by then, the 'yellow daylily had already turned cold' (an idiom meaning it was too late).

This led to the game lacking fresh elements, and eventually, the players who remained in 'chicken dinner' games were mostly those who liked the battle royale mode and its art style. Of course, there were also many who were simply too lazy to try other battle royale games and didn't want to incur more learning costs.

In contrast, a game like Fortnite could be said to be the most 'lively' battle royale game. All sorts of crossovers were added as long as they were popular. Plus, there was a small update once a week and a major update once a month. Regardless of whether the update content was good or not, it certainly gave players a greater sense of novelty. This also allowed Fortnite to later overtake others and become the hottest battle royale game.

Regarding Warzone, Chen Xu believed it would definitely have an initial advantage. However, this advantage clearly wouldn't last forever. What was needed next was to use various types of content to keep players constantly feeling a sense of novelty towards the game. This included gameplay and 'shenanigans'.

For example, in the currently open version, many easter egg-like contents will be hidden in various scenes within the game. Places like hospitals, mines, farms, airports, prisons, military bases, TV stations, etc., all have corresponding clothing and accessories. Players can find skins there that are not available in the in-game store, then put them on their characters, becoming the 'coolest kid' in Verdansk.

From a content perspective, this might seem a bit unconventional, but for 'Warzone''s future approach, it can be said to be heading in an entertainment-oriented direction.

Of course, compared to Fortnite in his previous life, considering the game's art style and theme, not just any crossover can be included. For example, Nebula Games' flagship titles 'Monster Hunter: World' and 'Dark Souls' would be difficult to cross over.

However, as a realistic theme, if there's an opportunity to launch a Cybertron Decepticon invasion event in the future, it doesn't seem impossible.

But these are all future operational arrangements. At least for now, with the launch of 'Warzone' and players' first experience with this battle royale gameplay, its popularity is absolutely no less than when the Modern Warfare Trilogy first launched.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>