Chapter 142: New Game (Fifth Update, Requesting Subscriptions and Monthly Passes)

January 10th, Chen Xu returned to the company.

Although it wasn't a workday, besides the on-duty staff, Ruan Ningxue, Yang Xin, Qin Yi, and all the others were present.

Everyone swarmed forward, chattering excitedly as they looked at the trophies being moved into the company.

“Mr. Chen is awesome!”

“Indeed, compared to seeing it on screen, seeing the trophy in person is more exciting!”

“Are these trophies silver-plated or pure silver?”

“What are you thinking? How could they be pure silver? If they were pure silver, wouldn’t they deform if you touched them? Alright, help me put the trophies in the display cabinet. If everyone's free today, I'll treat you to a good meal tonight.” Chen Xu said with a smile.

Everyone cheered.

In the evening, everyone came to the restaurant Chen Xu had booked.

There weren't many people, mainly because Chen Xu hadn't notified them in the work group chat.

After all, this wasn't some company team building or company dinner.

Nebula Games, since its establishment, hadn't really held any such gatherings except for celebration banquets.

And on top of that, today was still the weekend, not a workday.

To be fair, most employees would definitely come, but it's estimated there would also be some who didn't really want to come, but came out of obligation, fearing to leave a bad impression with their boss.

So Chen Xu just called Yang Xin, Ruan Ningxue, Qin Yi, and a few others.

At the dinner table, Nebula Games' corporate tradition was still maintained: no alcohol.

Their respective drinks were either plain boiled water, or cola, herbal tea, fruit juice, and corn juice.

“NetDragon's `Star God` was really tragic, definitely just running along for participation!” Qin Yi couldn't help but sigh at the dinner table.

“Yeah, didn't even get a consolation prize.” The accompanying staff member also picked up the conversation.

“Teacher Meng is also quite an enthusiastic person in private, so let's not talk about that.” Chen Xu indicated to stop.

“Sister Xin, what are you looking at? So engrossed?” Ruan Ningxue next to her noticed Yang Xin, who was constantly staring at her phone and smacking her lips, and asked curiously.

Putting down her phone, Yang Xin said, “I'm looking at the news! A particularly speechless piece of news. It said a couple went to get their marriage certificate in the morning, and less than half a day after getting it, one of them regretted it.”

“Isn't that a bit much?” Ruan Ningxue scratched her head.

“Marriage is not a game! Impulsive marriages are ill-advised. Our country's annual divorce rate is gradually rising precisely because many people don't consider before marriage that marriage represents not just love, but also responsibility.” Qin Yi lamented.

“Qin bro, cut it out. You're an emotional expert and still a single dog now!” Lin Tao, sitting next to Qin Yi, retorted.

“Although he's single, what Qin Yi said is quite right. And this is closely related to our next game. Qin Yi's understanding is very profound!” Chen Xu put down his chopsticks and said with a smile.

“Eh!”

“Closely related to the next game!?”

Instantly, everyone's eyes turned to Chen Xu, with surprised expressions.

Closely related to marriage?

“Alright, I'll talk about it tomorrow during the meeting. Let's eat first.” Chen Xu didn't continue the topic, and said with a smile, raising his cup.

Amidst the clinking of cups, everyone continued to chat about other interesting things.

Although they were still very curious about the new game, they would naturally know when they went to work tomorrow.

The next day, Nebula Games.

Inside the meeting room, Yang Xin, Ruan Ningxue, Qin Yi, and all the others were present.

They waited with faces full of anticipation for Chen Xu to arrange the next phase of the development plan.

It had already been mentioned at the dinner table last night.

But what made them most curious was how exactly the new game would be related to marriage.

A simple design concept draft appeared on the big screen — `It Takes Two`.

Seeing the name of the concept draft, everyone was slightly taken aback.

Because judging by this name, could this be a two-player co-op mode?

They had questions in their minds, but no one spoke immediately; instead, they continued to look.

The first page of the concept draft was a concept art for the game's art style, showing two cartoon doll figures, one made of clay and the other a puppet.

Seeing this, everyone started discussing.

“A two-player co-op game?”

“This art style leans towards cartoon, a bit like last year's `Overcooked`!”

Chen Xu interrupted everyone and explained, “That's right, just as everyone guessed, this game will be a two-player co-op game, and the art style is cartoonish, just as you see.”

“As for the gameplay, to briefly summarize for everyone, this is a two-player co-op puzzle action-adventure game. When mentioning two-player mode, everyone probably thought of `Overcooked` which we developed last year, but `It Takes Two` is different from `Overcooked`.”

“This will be a cinematic two-player game, where the story experience, like level puzzles, will be a relatively important part of the game, and its scale will also be larger than `Overcooked`.”

“In the game, players can experience a variety of different game content, FPS, platform jumping, and so on.”

“Of course, due to time constraints, the main focus before the New Year is on producing game art assets, and the development of core content will begin after the New Year. Does anyone have any other questions?” Chen Xu said, looking at everyone after he finished.

“It sounds quite interesting, and feels completely different from `Overcooked`!” Yang Xin said, looking at the concept design draft on the big screen.

“A cinematic two-player mode game, but it doesn't feel like it will sell well.” Qin Yi scratched his head and said.

“Before the game is finished, all predictions about sales are speculative. Although the nature of two-player games is niche, it naturally cannot be compared to `Fall Guys` and `Dark Souls`. But there are also many players who like this type of game, and if it's done well, it can still achieve considerable sales.”

“Additionally, it's mainly to give fan players a surprise. After the baptism of `Dark Souls`, `It Takes Two` will be a delicious dessert. The only pity is that it probably won't be ready for next year's Valentine's Day, and the game's development progress won't drag on until Chinese Valentine's Day.”

“Otherwise, perhaps some players might even have their feelings greatly enhanced because of the game, and end up together!” Chen Xu said with some regret.

However, after saying this, Chen Xu saw Qin Yi, Yang Xin, Ruan Ningxue, and others all looking at him with very strange gazes.

They didn't speak, but he could feel the meaning within: Do you believe that yourself?

`Overcooked` at the beginning of this year seemed to have the same rhetoric, right!?

And next year, there's another `It Takes Two`, and this time the theme is still marriage.

To be honest, Qin Yi and the others were very worried that `It Takes Two` would turn into ‘Two-Player Divorce’.

Chen Xu was speechless looking at everyone's expressions, and shook his head, saying.

“Alright, meeting adjourned. Yang Xin and Ruan Ningxue, please stay with the art team here. I'll explain in detail the different scene themes for this game and the related art requirements.”

“When the game comes out, you'll know what it's really like.”

(End of this chapter)