## Chapter 581: Ethan Has Never Been So Lavish in His Life (Requesting Subscriptions and Monthly Passes)

It wasn't just Song Ren; essentially, every player who experienced this part felt a wave of frustration.

It was simply impossible to guard against!

Initially, everyone thought that Resident Evil Village would be a horror game that would make their pants wet.

But as they played on, many players realized that for some reason, their pants might indeed get wet, but not necessarily from fear.

Just when players thought the style was different from before, Donna, the Mad Puppeteer's level once again made them experience what pure horror felt like.

After surviving the Puppeteer's grim level, the game returned to a balance of normal excitement and plummeting SAN points, followed by a thrilling mech-on-mech battle.

Yet, before the players' excitement could subside, the protagonist Ethan had his heart crushed.

Although Ethan had been injured multiple times before, and both his hands had been severed once in the previous and current games.

But now, his heart had been crushed!

The subsequent plot also made Song Ren sigh quietly.

The previously dark screen gradually showed an image, but it wasn't focused on Ethan Winters; instead, it shifted to Chris.

'Report, confirming Ethan Winters is deceased. Unable to recover the body, but I've recorded relevant data.' A teammate, codenamed Amber Eye, reported the information to Chris over the walkie-talkie.

Sitting in the Jeep, Chris scrolled through photos and data transferred to his phone, simultaneously relaying everything that had happened over the past day and night.

'My team and I were careless. Yesterday, we attacked Miranda, who was in disguise, but we couldn't kill her completely.'

'Because Miranda might have infected Ethan, and I didn't want Ethan involved, I forcibly prepared to take him and his daughter Rose away.'

'But their car was suddenly attacked on the road, and by the time I arrived, Ethan and Rose were gone.'

'The last time I contacted Ethan, I heard Miranda's voice.'

'She killed Ethan... I will definitely make her pay the price.'

'Damn it, when will this end!' A frustrated Chris lit a cigarette.

'Mission?' his teammate asked from the other end of the walkie-talkie.

'All of this, for three years I've wanted to put an end to it, three years... it's too long!'

With that, Chris closed his phone and opened the car door.

The final act of revenge was about to begin!

After exchanging a few words with his teammate, Song Ren could finally control Chris.

And then he was astonished.

What did he see!?

A submachine gun, an assault rifle, and 300 rounds of reserve ammunition!

A bulletproof vest, night vision goggles, incredibly sophisticated equipment.

Charging into the village, now swarming with mutated creatures, countless werewolves attacked and tried to block Chris.

But under the firepower of such fine equipment, they all fell flat.

And Chris wasn't alone!

He could use a laser sight to call in remote artillery strikes from his teammates, and supply crates provided ammunition, with 100 rounds given at a time.

After a battle, Song Ren found that his ammunition had not only not decreased but had increased from 300 to over 600 rounds.

This had gone from Resident Evil to Call of Duty!

With this equipment and ammunition, Ethan, next door, would be crying with envy; he had never been so lavish in his life.

Every bullet, he had to plan carefully. How could he compare to Chris, who could just hold down the trigger?

As for the tank from before, how could that vehicle be compared to firearms?

If he had this gear, wouldn't Miranda have been turned to ash long ago?

Why would he need to scrape by, ransacking the entire village to upgrade and buy weapons from the plump mysterious merchant Duke?

Song Ren lamented as he controlled Chris forward.

Bolstered by this divine gear, he mowed down anything in his path, killing gods and Buddhas alike. Although he encountered a monster wielding a large warhammer in an underground cavern, which took a little time, it still couldn't stop Chris's advance.

Eventually, underground, Chris successfully located the Mold entity and planted the bomb.

Besides the Mold entity, he also discovered Miranda's underground laboratory there.

By reading the available documents, many secrets that had piqued players' curiosity were revealed.

It turned out that a century ago, Miranda lost her daughter Eva to the Great Influenza.

But in her profound grief, she inadvertently came into contact with the Mold virus and discovered the existence of the Mold entity, and she even found her daughter's consciousness within the Mold.

Thus, Miranda began her research, hoping to resurrect her daughter.

However, the conditions for resurrection were extremely stringent; both the brain and the body required a very high degree of compatibility.

So she conducted inhumane experiments here. She created a product called 'Grace,' which, when implanted, could mutate people. Those with higher compatibility than ordinary people, like the Four Heavenly Kings, could gain special abilities.

Those with low compatibility would either die directly or lose their minds and become monsters.

Even so, even Heisenberg, who had the highest compatibility, was still not suitable as a vessel for Eva.

And besides her own research, she had also collaborated with other organizations, such as the Evelyn she cultivated, which was her masterpiece.

But Evelyn was also a failure.

Reading through the documents, Song Ren also discovered some more detailed content.

Years ago, during her research, Miranda had even taken on students. However, one later left Miranda due to ideological differences and went on to establish a company named Umbrella.

This was the predecessor of the Umbrella that collaborated with BSAA.

However, despite a series of failures, Miranda had finally achieved a breakthrough.

That was Ethan's daughter: Rose.

And so, the story of Resident Evil Village came to be.

After learning about Rose, Miranda tried every possible means to approach Ethan, but Ethan was under Chris's strict protection.

So Miranda kidnapped Mia and disguised herself as Mia to slowly approach Ethan, planning to secretly acquire Rose. However, she was still discovered by Chris.

But she used Chris's misunderstanding of the Mold's abilities to feign death and ambush everyone midway, stealing Rose.

Everything was explained!

Song Ren looked at the clues and diaries Chris had collected, a look of sudden enlightenment on his face.

From this perspective, Miranda was the root of all evil!

From the 'Not a Hero' DLC in the previous game, Song Ren had learned a lot from Chris's brief remarks.

For example, Umbrella's research had almost destroyed the world, as a city was ravaged by Umbrella's virus and ultimately wiped clean by nuclear weapons.

But now, it seemed all of it started from this village!

Song Ren sighed with emotion, but at the same time, he harbored many regrets.

Was Ethan Winters truly dead?

This man who had accompanied players through two Halloweens.

Did Rose really have to be rescued by Chris, and could Miranda only be eliminated by Chris?

It wasn't that he disliked Chris; on the contrary, although Chris didn't have many appearances in the previous and current games, he left a very deep impression on Song Ren: he was incredibly fierce and incredibly cool.

But ultimately, this was still Ethan Winters' story, and to fall at the doorstep of the final battle left Song Ren feeling a knot in his chest.

However, just as Song Ren was sighing, an unexpected turn of events arrived.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>