Chapter 250: BOSS Battle (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Zhang Yi didn't go wandering around like a New World traveler.

Instead, he returned to the base to continue with the corresponding story quests.

Following the Investigation Leader's prompt, Zhang Yi first went to the Processing Workshop and had a conversation with the leader of the Second Fleet.

Using the collected materials, he reinforced his Great Sword.

"But how did the leader of the Second Fleet become a blacksmith?"

"Where are my hunter companions? What about the Mohawk-haired guy from before? And why does my bun-haired teammate never go hunting with me? Haven't the corresponding story events been triggered yet?"

Looking at the newly received quest titled 'Coronated Dragon Commotion', Zhang Yi scratched his head.

So far, the only companion by his side was his Palico named 123.

The easygoing, Mohawk-haired hunter from the ship's cabin was nowhere to be seen.

And his receptionist, who didn't even have a name and was just called 'companion,' always stayed in the Canteen or waited at the camp when he went out on quests. Could it be that she wasn't his companion?

As before, he had a Felyne Canteen meal and set off. Looking at the bun-haired receptionist companion in the camp, Zhang Yi couldn't help but feel a bit strange.

But he didn't dwell on it.

After all, this was just the beginning of the game, right?

Perhaps he would only gradually meet his teammates as the game's story progressed?

It must be!

The more Zhang Yi thought about it, the more sense it made.

Just like in Dark Souls, didn't you have to defeat a BOSS or two before you could meet the Onion Knight and Solaire of Astora?

Monster Hunter: World must be the same. First, it lets players get familiar with the game's controls, and then when they encounter a BOSS, their good companions from the Hunter's Guild at Astera Settlement will come to their aid.

Thinking of this, Zhang Yi smiled and nodded in realization.

It definitely is, no doubt about it!

After finishing his Felyne Canteen meal, he entered the Ancient Forest, following the guidance of the green Scoutflies.

Soon, Zhang Yi found the objective for this quest.

Unlike the previous Jagras, the Coronated Dragon in front of him looked considerably fiercer.

The quest required killing 3 male Coronated Dragons and 5 female Coronated Dragons.

The male Coronated Dragons appeared larger, while the female ones were noticeably smaller.

Instead of immediately tackling the largest Coronated Dragons, Zhang Yi sought out several smaller ones.

After all, it's best to pick the softer persimmons first; he wanted to test the strength of these dragons.

They weren't much different from the previous Jagras and were easily dealt with.

Looking at the Coronated Dragon's corpse on the ground, Zhang Yi's confidence surged, and he turned to face the true objective of this quest.

"This armor seems to be the Coronated Dragon's toughest spot? My weapon bounced off!"

On the way, he had seen some Aptonoth and casually slaughtered them to warm up, in addition to having just dealt with some smaller Coronated Dragons.

The sharpness of his Great Sword had dropped from green to yellow.

Moreover, this strike landed exactly on a tough part of the Coronated Dragon, immediately triggering a weapon bounce.

His in-game character entered a brief flinch, and his weapon's durability dropped by another large chunk.

The next moment, the Coronated Dragon nudged Zhang Yi, and his character was knocked to the ground and rolled over.

At the same time, his health also dropped by a small amount.

Although he was attacked, seeing the amount of health lost, Zhang Yi was instantly filled with confidence.

"Is this all!? Is this all!"

What's there to be afraid of with this attack power!

Looking at his character, who had only lost a sliver of health, Zhang Yi controlled him to get up from the ground and brazenly charged at the Coronated Dragon in front of him.

Dodge? Impossible!

A brainless charged slash, whoever runs is a coward!

In no time, the Coronated Dragon fell under his Great Sword.

Continuing with the Coronated Dragon quest, Zhang Yi found this creature indeed a bit stronger compared to the previous Jagras.

But it was only a tiny bit stronger, still not impressive enough.

A charge attack, then two slashes, and it was dead.

Soon, Zhang Yi had killed several Coronated Dragons and completed a quest objective.

However, the moment he completed the objective, there was no prompt to return to Astera Settlement, unlike before.

Instead, he entered a cutscene.

The Great Jagras that had attacked him in an earlier story segment suddenly appeared from somewhere and directly swallowed the Coronated Dragon in front of it.

'Additional Quest: Hunt the Great Jagras'

As the cutscene finished playing, Zhang Yi received a new quest.

"The Great Jagras!? Is this the BOSS fight?!" Zhang Yi was a little excited.

After all, fighting the Small Jagras and Coronated Dragons earlier had put virtually no pressure on him.

Although it was satisfying, he still hoped for a bit of a challenge.

"But it's a pity that the demo version doesn't allow matchmaking with teammates. Otherwise, teaming up to fight the BOSS would be incredibly fun."

Zhang Yi sighed with a hint of regret.

Afterwards, under the guidance of the Squad Leader, he began searching for the Great Jagras's location.

Unlike typical games, he needed to collect some information about the monster from the ground.

For example, footprints or residue.

Once certain progress conditions were met, the green Scoutflies would lead the hunter to find the monster.

This made Zhang Yi feel it was somewhat interesting; it gave him that hunting feeling, yet it wasn't overly cumbersome or troublesome.

Following the green Scoutflies, after circling twice within the Ancient Forest, Zhang Yi spotted the Great Jagras.

At this moment, the Great Jagras was lying there, seemingly resting.

From its appearance, the creature looked just like a large lizard.

The gastric pouch, or rather its belly, which it had swallowed before, was now swollen and perfectly round, like a toad's bulging mouth.

All in all, it looked quite disgusting.

"This thing should be the first BOSS in the game, but I wonder what its combat prowess is like!"

"But considering this thing was swallowed whole by an Anjanath in an earlier cutscene, it's probably just a weakling."

From a distance, Zhang Yi made his judgment.

But how strong it truly was, he wouldn't know until he fought it.

Thinking this, Zhang Yi controlled his in-game hunter, ready to advance.

But something rather surprising happened: as the hunter casually walked over, the Great Jagras, which had been resting on the ground, immediately sensed something, got up, let out a series of roars, and stared intently in Zhang Yi's direction.

Generally, when facing Coronated Dragons and Jagras before, they would either rush over to attack him as soon as they saw him, or simply ignore him if he didn't attack them first.

But the Great Jagras in front of him wasn't like that.

It didn't attack directly, nor did it ignore him; instead, it was wary.

Rationality!

That's what Zhang Yi perceived.

"Is this what Nebula Games calls its AI intelligent system? It really does seem to have something!"

Looking at the monster's behavior, Zhang Yi couldn't help but exclaim in surprise.

Compared to before, this hunt was the first time Zhang Yi felt that this creature's AI was different from that of regular mobs.

But after all, it was still a BOSS, and the first BOSS he faced in the game.

With a sigh, Zhang Yi still charged forward, ready to test the waters.

To see if the game's "water temperature" was as gentle as he expected, or if it would be a little hot.

(End of Chapter)