Chapter 12: Sales of Mirror (Game)

Compared to the conversation between Ruan Ningxue and Yang Xin, Chen Xu at this time had been continuously monitoring the performance of *Mirror (Game)*.

In reality, many people had already taken notice of *Mirror (Game)*.

Even though it was launched on an overseas platform, and it was a rather unique game.

However, the sales were evident. While official platforms wouldn't disclose sales figures, game designers and industry media could generally estimate sales by analyzing various data points.

Although there might be some discrepancies, they wouldn't be too far-fetched.

Although *Mirror (Game)* didn't appear on any sales charts, it incredibly dominated the top spot on the positive reviews list.

An 18R game suddenly ascended to the number one position on the positive reviews list.

It must be said, this truly astonished many game designers.

Many also wanted to see just how magical this game was.

Especially in the game's comment section.

Many found that player comments were fundamentally different from those of traditional Gentleman's Games, to the point where they were a little hard to understand.

‘An exceptionally good Match-3 game!’

‘Women, get out! Don't hinder my Match-3 game!’

‘I can't tell if this is a Match-3 game or a galgame, but one thing is for sure, my little brother is very satisfied.’

‘Initially, I thought this was just an ordinary Gentleman's Game, but I have to say I'm shocked. This isn't some shoddy Gentleman's Game; it's a high-quality Independent Game!’

‘As a professional hater, the only point I can complain about is this: why the hell is a Gentleman's Game so touching and so refined?!’

‘Ten minutes have clearly passed, and I've entered sage mode, so this game should be closed. But why am I still playing it incessantly!? This Match-3 is quite interesting!’

‘In this game, I saw the good, evil, beauty, and ugliness of human nature. A truly unique game!’

‘When a Gentleman's Game moves me, does it matter whether I indulge or not?’

‘I opened this game with excitement and thrill, but when I left, I didn't feel relieved, but rather a sense of wistfulness.’

These comments left many bewildered. Had they opened the wrong game?

Of course, besides the many players who gave positive reviews, there were also some who, after pulling up their pants, spoke with great resolve.

Unlike the initial strategy of spending twenty thousand yuan to post advertorials on forums frequently visited by gentlemen on overseas websites.

Now, it relied solely on word-of-mouth among the gentlemen.

So, for Chen Xu, all he had to do was wait to collect the money.

“Hmm, the first round of funding is secured. Next, I'll first change my workspace, then register a company.”

“Also, I need to properly plan my future development path and accumulate more points along the way.”

Inside the rented apartment, Chen Xu leaned against the bed, laying out his next plan.

Regarding the points, Chen Xu had also noticed something.

Although there was an increase, it was still quite limited, just enough for two single draws.

As Chen Xu was thinking, the phone placed beside him rang. He picked it up and saw that the caller was Ruan Ningxue.

“Hello, Senior Sister Ruan, is there something you need?” Chen Xu answered.

“Nothing much, just wanted to congratulate you. I previously thought...” Ruan Ningxue on the other end of the line sounded a bit embarrassed.

Chen Xu probably knew what Ruan Ningxue wanted to say, so he smiled immediately: “It's alright, Senior Sister, that's normal. Honestly, I'm a bit surprised by *Mirror (Game)*'s sales myself.”

This statement was half-true, half-false. The false part was that the success of *Mirror (Game)* was entirely within Chen Xu's expectations.

Whether it was the quality of the game itself, the subsequent marketing plan, or even the decision to make *Mirror (Game)* the first game, all were planned by Chen Xu after prior investigation, not just decided on a whim.

As for the truth, the popularity of *Mirror (Game)* indeed exceeded Chen Xu's imagination a bit.

Although it was launched on an official overseas version platform, that was just a name. The primary target audience was still domestic players.

But even so, *Mirror (Game)*'s sales performance surprised Chen Xu.

At the same time, this reminded Chen Xu of another point: the prosperity of the gaming industry in this world was far greater than in his previous life.

“Oh, by the way, Chen Xu, do you have time tonight? Let's have a celebration dinner for you. Also, I have a friend who wants to meet you.” Ruan Ningxue asked from the other end of the line.

“No problem. Actually, I wanted to treat you to a meal too, Senior Sister. After all, if it weren't for your help, the development of *Mirror (Game)* wouldn't have been so smooth.” Chen Xu said sincerely.

Afterward, the two chatted casually for a bit more before hanging up the phone.

Putting his phone aside, Chen Xu went to the backend to check *Mirror (Game)*'s sales again.

Cumulative sales in 6 days: 58,121 copies.

Its growth curve was completely explosive; clearly, the gentlemen's combat power was extraordinary.

And judging by *Mirror (Game)*'s current potential, this was just the beginning.

Bear in mind, some third-party platforms had just started listing it.

While Chen Xu was basking in the pleasing data of *Mirror (Game)*.

The Independent Game community, however, was far from calm.

Media outlets that noticed the game also began compiling its relevant data.

After all, to climb to the top of the positive reviews list with an 18R theme was truly astounding.

Concurrently, topics related to *Mirror (Game)* quickly began to ferment.

For ordinary players, relevant sales data was difficult to track.

Initially, media and some industry professionals who paid attention might have estimated sales of ten to twenty thousand.

But with the release of data from third-party statistical agencies, those who followed the game felt a surge of disbelief.

Because the data provided by the third-party agencies was surprisingly 50,000.

Compared to the actual sales, it was actually eight thousand lower, but even so, this figure still stunned many designers.

Especially some designers who also created Gentleman's Games felt their worldview had been completely overturned.

A Gentleman's Game selling this many copies? What a joke!

Was this number high?

No, it wasn't. Top-tier blockbusters could achieve millions in sales on their launch day, and some globally renowned overseas blockbusters could even reach tens of millions in sales on day one.

Of course, these games couldn't be compared to *Mirror (Game)*.

As an 18R game without recommendations, and also an Independent Producer's game—no, it should be said, one made by a non-Game Designer.

This data was absolutely mind-blowing!

It had even broken records in the Gentleman's Game genre.

Not to say there'd be no one after, but at least there was no one before. Prior to this, no Gentleman's Game had achieved such explosive success as *Mirror (Game)*.

And this was just the beginning.

Many Gentleman's Game designers had a premonition that they were about to witness history!

Regardless of how significant this history was, and regardless of *Mirror (Game)* being a Gentleman's Game, it was history nonetheless.

(End of chapter)