Chapter 797: This is the Dovahkiin

In the game, Song Ren had already pushed the main quest to its end.

After passing the Greybeards' trial, he was bestowed the title of Ismir by the Greybeards. He then met two Blades whom Song Ren thought were cleaning toilets for the Blades, and with their assistance, he learned the true reason behind the Dragons' reappearance. The legendary World-Eater Alduin was resurrecting Dragons to prepare for the restoration of their dominion over humanity. So, after interpreting the messages left by the ancient Blades on Alduin's Wall, the Dovahkiin journeyed to the Throat of the World and, with the assistance and guidance of Paarthurnax, the leader of the Greybeards, found the Elder Scroll (Dragon).

With the power of the Elder Scroll (Dragon), the Dovahkiin traveled through time and learned the Dragonrend Shout to subdue Alduin from One-Eyed Harkon, Gildergreen Grath, and Old Man Fidel. He then confronted Alduin at the Throat of the World with Paarthurnax, temporarily repelling him.

After repelling Alduin, Paarthurnax informed the Dovahkiin that the defeated Alduin would go to Shor's realm, Sovngarde, to devour the souls of deceased Nords and recover his strength. So, to pursue Alduin, the Dovahkiin defeated and tamed Odahviing, one of Alduin's subordinates, and with Odahviing's help, reached Skuldafn Temple to find the entrance to Sovngarde.

Upon entering Sovngarde, he was greeted by Shield-Baron Sun's challenge, entered the Hall of Valor, and met One-Eyed Harkon and others who had become heroes of Sovngarde.

Throughout this journey, the place that most astonished Song Ren was Sovngarde. It was a place like heaven, with rainbow-like heavenly light and a star-studded sky. Below the Hall of Valor, rocks floated on an endless sea, surrounded by verdant mountain scenery. Coupled with the dreamlike background music, it reminded Song Ren of Toussaint in 'The Witcher: Wild Hunt'.

Of course, before heading to Sovngarde, the Blackreach map, accessed via the Aetherium Cathedral when searching for the 'Elder Scroll (Dragon)', nearly killed Song Ren. The strange mushroom-like plants, combined with the dark game environment, immediately made Song Ren feel like he was back in 'Bloodborne' and 'Dark Souls'. What was even more frustrating was that this Blackreach map was incredibly vast, making it impossible for him, a directionally challenged person, to figure out the correct path.

"It's all over, it's finally time for the ultimate showdown with Alduin!" Song Ren looked at the weapon in his hand with a sigh of relief. 

After such a long gaming journey, various playstyles in the game had already been discovered by players online. The most universally acknowledged powerful one was the so-called Three Divine Skills loop, achieved by leveling Alchemy, Smithing, and Enchanting—three skills most players considered auxiliary—to 100, then crafting weapons for high damage, armor for high defense, and gear with powerful enchantments.

However, although he understood the mechanics, Song Ren did not pursue this playstyle, as it required extensive grinding for materials and levels. On the other hand, there was the jack of all trades, master of none approach: starting as a mage, transitioning to an archer in the mid-game, then an assassin in the late-mid-game, and finally a warrior in the very late game. As long as the difficulty was set to easy, he could play effortlessly. Three Divine Skills? Shield Warrior? Engineer? Illusion Assassin? What are those? Do they bring me the fun of my all-rounder warrior?

If the difficulty is easy enough, you don't need any specific playstyle; you can defeat Alduin with just basic attacks.

As the three heroes cast their Dragon Shouts, dispelling the mist, Alduin soared into view. 

'The endless wait finally culminates in battle! Alduin's judgment day, either it dies or we die!'

'Don't even think about running this time, you pest!'

'Your doom has arrived, you pest!'

Amidst roars, the World-Eater Alduin, three Nord heroes embodying the spirits of Sovngarde, and the legendary Last Dovahkiin converged in Sovngarde, an earth-shattering battle about to begin.

Of course, the scene above was something Song Ren had imagined in his mind.

The true reality was that an earth-shattering battle was indeed taking place. But the main participants were Old Alduin and the three Nord heroes, while Song Ren, the legendary Dovahkiin who saved the world, stood far away, occasionally supplementing with a Dragon Shout to bring the flying Alduin down from the sky, and also needing to take potions to avoid the fireballs falling from above.

"Old Alduin is indeed the ultimate BOSS; that health bar is thick. I think these three old heroes will be fighting for several more minutes." Song Ren looked relaxed; he had been a little nervous before the fight. But the easy difficulty was too friendly; he didn't even need to personally defeat the final Alduin. Just occasionally use a Dragon Shout to prevent Alduin from flying, and that's it. The rest was left to the three old heroes. He himself stayed far away from Alduin, as the biggest threat to him now wasn't Alduin, but the fireballs from the sky.

Even on easy difficulty, getting hit by a fireball would still deplete about a fifth of his health.

With one arrow shot, Alduin's last sliver of health was taken away. A piercing roar emanated from Alduin's mouth. With the assistance of the three heroes of Sovngarde, Alduin's physical body was successfully destroyed. But his Dragon Soul returned to the heavens and earth.

"Finally took down Old Alduin!" Song Ren was thoroughly satisfied. Although he slacked off a bit, he probably only hit Alduin six or seven times throughout the fight, but what did that matter? This is the Dovahkiin, a being who can save the world even while slacking off.

Having defeated Alduin, Song Ren did not exit the game, because there was still more content in Skyrim for him to explore.

Especially since Chen Xu had incorporated the DLC content from his previous life's Skyrim into the base game.

In the Dragonborn storyline, the player is attacked in a city by a group of mysterious cultists. By searching the letters on the cultists' corpses, they learn that these cultists serve a figure named Miraak. Traveling to the island where Miraak Temple is located, delving into the temple ruins, and reading an evil Black Book, the Dovahkiin is transported to another plane and learns Miraak's true identity.

During the era when Dragons ruled mortals, Miraak was a Dragon Priest on Solstheim Island and historically the first Dragonborn. The Black Book was an artifact of Hermaeus Mora, the Daedric Prince of Knowledge and Fate. Through it, Miraak gained the ability to twist others' willpower with Dragon Shouts, and he betrayed the Dragons to go to Solstheim. On Solstheim, an epic battle occurred between Miraak and Vahlok, who came to capture him. But ultimately, Miraak was defeated, and the temple was razed. The defeated Miraak then escaped into Mora's Black Books, awaiting his return. However, just as everything was about to be ready for his return to the real world, he was killed by the Last Dovahkiin and the Daedric Prince Mora.

In this series of quests, players can master the new Dragon Shout skill 'Bend Will' and three Words of Power. With the Bend Will Shout, players can force Dragons to become their mounts, soaring across the world of Skyrim. In addition, unique Dragon Shouts like Dragon Soul Awakening can only be completed within these quests.

…………

The other storyline concerning the Dawnguard was equally rich. However, the protagonist of this questline was not the Dovahkiin, but rather a vampire. After the Hall of the Vigilants was destroyed by a vampire attack, the Dovahkiin incidentally learned of a vampire hunter organization called the Dawnguard. To prevent vampires from continuing to harm the people of Skyrim, the Dovahkiin joined the Dawnguard. Deep within Dimhollow Crypt, the Dovahkiin discovered a female vampire named Serana, who had been sealed in a stone coffin for a thousand years. This vampire also possessed an Elder Scroll.

It turned out that Serana belonged to an ancient and powerful vampire clan in Skyrim. Her father, Harkon, the leader of these vampires, offered the Dovahkiin the power of a Vampire Lord and invited the Dovahkiin to become one of them, as a gesture of gratitude for returning his daughter.

Here, players could choose to transform their race into a vampire. In the days that followed, the Dovahkiin and Serana learned of Harkon's intention to obscure the sun, which would plunge the world into darkness. At the same time, other races would not spare the vampires. To stop Harkon, the Dovahkiin and Serana read three Elder Scrolls. They obtained Auriel's Bow from Snow Elf Arch-Curate Vyrthur, who had become a vampire, and finally thwarted Harkon's conspiracy.

The most exciting reward in this questline for players was not some artifact, nor learning new Dragon Shouts or becoming a vampire. It was gaining a new follower, Serana, the daughter of the vampire lord, who was the real driving force. As the most beautiful female character in all of Skyrim, to be honest, Serana's looks might only score an 80, but it really depends on who you're comparing her to. At least in Skyrim, those deformed characters couldn't even put up a fight.

Besides these two DLC storylines, there were many other rich side quests:

The four major guild quests for the Companions, Dark Brotherhood, College of Winterhold, and Thieves Guild.

The romantic Bard's College quests, and choosing between the Imperial Legion or the Stormcloaks in the Skyrim Civil War.

Giants, Blades, Dragon Priests... and also the homesteading gameplay.

One could say that while it's a single-player game, 'The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim' truly feels like the game only just begins after completing the main story.

This is also why Chen Xu and his team have not yet released MOD-related tools. Because the content of the base game alone is enough to keep players immersed for a very long time.

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>