Chapter 32: Why Did It Suddenly Get Spooky?

With the dialogue between the two doctors, Dong Zhen was able to access the operable interface.

The dialogue was simple yet tinged with sarcasm, and even when approaching a squirrel, the doctors' bickering could be heard.

"This game's details feel pretty good, the dialogues and everything are very intricate, exactly like the previous *Undertale*, very meticulous." Dong Zhen commented while controlling the game character.

For example, upon seeing a signpost, they would even quip, "Won't this sign get stolen if left in the mountains?"

One could say the dialogue was a bit humorous, but it also made him, as a streamer, feel a bit out of a job.

Because that kind of work was usually his to do.

Well, if the game finished all the jokes, what was left for him to say?

"Is it a story-driven game? It seems a bit bland so far." Dong Zhen was a little curious.

Apart from moving a stone-like object in the middle, the entire game's progression, besides walking and simple dialogues, seemed to have nothing special.

*Undertale*, after all, had simple bullet-hell gameplay combat.

The only good thing was the game's music.

From *Mirror (Game)* to *Undertale* and now *To the Moon*, the music was truly well-matched.

As for the graphics, *To the Moon*, created by Chen Xu, had some improvements compared to the pixel art of RPG Maker in his previous life.

But it could only be described as average; it was clearly far from excellent.

While Dong Zhen was sighing inwardly, the two doctors in the game, Neil and Eva, also arrived at their destination, a large mansion.

As the two knocked on the door, a middle-aged woman opened it for them. According to her introduction, the woman's name was Lily.

She usually took care of the elderly man named Johnny, and the two children who were previously playing the piano in the room were her daughter and son.

After speaking, Lily led the two doctors upstairs.

In the room on the first floor, the two children briefly squabbled over who got to play the piano, then sat side-by-side and began playing.

It was the same piano piece that the two doctors had heard before their car accident.

Was it the game's theme song?

Dong Zhen speculated.

Amidst Eva and Neil's bickering, Lily and the doctor introduced the situation of the game's protagonist, Johnny.

Johnny was currently bedridden, in a long-term coma, with only vital signs indicating he was still alive.

According to the doctor, he only had about two or three days left.

As for Johnny's last wish on his deathbed, it was: to go to the moon.

But why he wanted to go to the moon, Lily, the nanny, said she didn't know. Although Johnny was her employer, he usually didn't speak to anyone and was considered a very strange person.

"Wow, the old man sure knows how to have fun! He wants to go to the moon, so the main content of this game is to make us understand why he wants to go to the moon, and then help him fulfill his wish, right?"

"A puzzle game? What the heck, this is finally something good! Intelligence games, I'm good at those!"

Based on the information collected so far, Dong Zhen slapped his thigh.

After conversing with Lily the nanny, he received a clue: they needed to use some key clues from Johnny to enter his memories, then change those memories to help him fulfill his wish.

Because a person's life is long with many memories, it's impossible for a machine to view them all. Therefore, a medium was needed.

Choosing to let the female doctor handle the machine, Dong Zhen, on his side, controlled the male doctor to wander around the house.

"Wow, this old man is quite rich! The house is huge!"

"But honestly, the old man got incredibly lucky meeting me. It's just going to the moon, isn't it? If you want to go to Mars, I'll even get you there!"

While speaking, Dong Zhen controlled the male doctor to stroll around, talking to the two children on the first floor. He wanted the two kids to show him around the house to see if he could find any useful clues, but these two kids first asked him to help them retrieve a lollipop-shaped cane.

"These two kids, how annoying they are! Forget it, adults don't stoop to a child's level."

Arriving in the kitchen, the doctor saw the candy cane on the shelf, but being too short to reach it, he needed to move a nearby stool and step on it.

"Don't talk nonsense, how could I not reach? The doctor in the game can't reach, not me!"

"Damn, I'm a 1.92-meter tall guy, and I can't reach the cabinet? You must be kidding!"

Watching the bullet comments in the live stream, Dong Zhen's mouth twitched, but he couldn't let his guard down.

He'd said he was a 1.92-meter tall guy, the kind who could dunk a basketball!

Handing the candy cane to the two kids, he received some clues from them.

When Johnny was still able to move, he seemed to frequently go to the basement. Also, the piano piece the two children were playing was one Johnny used to play constantly when he was healthy.

Guided by the two children, Dong Zhen arrived at a small room in the basement.

It was pitch black, with a desk lamp nearby.

But the instant Dong Zhen turned on the lamp, the game's background music changed instantly.

Eerie, gloomy, unsettling, combined with the dim yellow light, and inside this room, there were nothing but rabbits folded from colorful paper.

"What the heck, why did it suddenly get spooky!"

Completely unprepared, the sudden atmosphere sent shivers down Dong Zhen's spine.

The room wasn't too big, looking like a storage room.

The floor was piled high with hand-folded paper bunnies, and on a table near the door, there was also a platypus toy.

If it was meant to be scary, it wasn't particularly terrifying.

But it created psychological pressure!

The bullet comments in the live stream were also constantly scrolling at this moment.

'This atmosphere suddenly feels hellish!'

'It's not a horror game, is it?'

'Bros, spam more bullet comments, I'm scared!'

'Why are you guys acting so girly? What's there to be afraid of in broad daylight!'

Glancing at the overly dramatic bullet comments, Dong Zhen adjusted his mindset and then searched the room.

The platypus toy could be taken, appearing to be a key item.

As for the game, although the atmosphere was quite hellish.

But he had checked before, and it didn't have the horror game tag.

It was only labeled as adventure, story.

Don't panic, don't panic, even if it is a horror game.

With his 1.92-meter tall, dunk-a-basketball-capable physique, could he really be scared by a game?

"Alright, look at you cowards!"

"Let's not waste any more time. We'll continue to see what mystery this game is hiding, why the old man wants to go to the moon, what secrets the paper bunnies hold. We'll uncover it all shortly, okay?"

Dong Zhen chatted briefly with the bullet comments in the live stream and continued to advance the game's story.

Thanks to 'Book Friend 20201218105428738' for the 400 tip.

(End of Chapter)