Chapter 567: Is This the Treatment a Protagonist Should Receive?! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Chapter 567: Is This the Treatment a Protagonist Should Receive?! (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

In that instant, Song Ren was reminded of the '变革' (transformation) Chen Xu had spoken of at the Carnival Direct Showcase. Did this mean that *Resident Evil Village* included a currency and store system?

Surprised as he was, Song Ren was absolutely overjoyed. Because this meant he might be able to buy bullets later. It's important to remember that fear often stems from insufficient firepower. In the previous *Resident Evil* game, he was initially terrified, but later on, the most frightening thing wasn't encountering some monster, but rather that his inventory slots were full.

Now, this installment actually added an economic system, which surely meant he could do whatever he wanted, right? Following conventional wisdom, Ethan should be careful and cautious at this point, fearful of attracting the werewolves' attention. But Song Ren had completely abandoned such thoughts.

Seeing the open door, he immediately rushed in to loot to his heart's content. Song Ren also noticed that the in-game map was very convenient. The map showed three colors: black for unexplored areas, red for areas with uncollected resources, and blue for areas where all resources had been collected.

This immediately made Song Ren feel like the entire rhythm of the game had changed. Werewolves? I'll take care of them all with my small pistol! Houses? As long as I can get in, you won't keep a single coin!

*Resident Evil Village*?

I, Ethan, am plundering this very village!

He even found a shotgun he had been longing for in one room. Although its appearance clearly wasn't the same model as the unlucky old man's earlier, it was incredibly effective. Two shots for one werewolf.

Throughout the map, Song Ren also discovered many flour bags and explosive barrels that could help Ethan deal with the monsters. Moreover, killing monsters not only yielded money but also had a chance to drop gunpowder, parts, and other materials. These materials could be used to craft bullets, and most accessible rooms in the small village contained some ammunition.

While supplies were still somewhat scarce, not every monster needed to be fought. Plus, the sky in the game wasn't pitch black; it was just a bit gloomy, similar to overcast or rainy weather. This instantly made Song Ren feel satisfied. Even with the snowy scenes, some congested areas, and the occasional terrifying werewolf, it was still vastly better than the previous *Resident Evil* games, this new title codenamed 'Village'.

“This experience is just top-notch!” Song Ren chuckled, watching the werewolf villagers in the small settlement get picked off one by one. These were all resources! He felt like he was playing a grinding game.

However, this delightful mood quickly vanished because Song Ren began to feel that something wasn't quite right. The small monsters in this village seemed to be getting more numerous!

And it wasn't just the numbers; new types were appearing as well. Werewolves on rafters shooting flaming arrows. Werewolves wielding hammers and cleavers.

*Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh...*

The sound of arrows cutting through the air echoed as flaming arrows shot towards Song Ren. Although their aim wasn't great, Song Ren realized one thing instantly: if he kept fighting, he would eventually run out of ammo and supplies. Then, only death awaited him.

“Farewell! I'm out of here!”

Watching the surrounding werewolves, Song Ren started his erratic dodging, fleeing in the opposite direction. He scrambled and stumbled all the way; if it weren't for the lowest difficulty, he suspected he would have been killed.

“Holy cow! What is that?! A White-Maned Lion King!” He arrived at a small path blocked by a wooden barricade and immediately froze, seeing a huge figure approaching from afar. The massive, white-haired brute, wielding a gigantic war hammer, exuded immense pressure.

“No way? Is a BOSS battle starting already? How am I supposed to fight this?” Song Ren looked at the White-Maned Lion King with the huge hammer in front of him, having no intention of fighting it, and immediately turned to run in the opposite direction.

“No, no, no... Don't chase me, that's enough already!”

“Bro, I called you bro, can you stop chasing me?”

During his escape, Song Ren took a few hits from the werewolves. His screen was already blood-red, indicating he was on the verge of death. But Ethan hadn't given up. At this moment, Song Ren deeply immersed himself in Ethan's role. His daughter, Rose, was missing and waiting for him! How could he fall here? This thought grew even stronger!

Until... Ethan took an arrow to the thigh.

As he ran, the whistle of an arrow pierced the air.

*Thwack!*

An arrow struck Ethan squarely in the thigh. With a scream of agony, the heavily wounded Ethan fell to the ground with a thud. Seeing this, the surrounding werewolves quickly encircled him. Just then, an earth-shattering roar erupted. The White-Maned Lion King, previously wielding the large hammer, leapt directly from a rooftop. Upon seeing the White-Maned Lion King, the common werewolves around him parted to make way, clearly acknowledging this creature as their alpha.

The White-Maned Lion King, like a giant, walked up to Ethan, its massive body casting a shadow that blocked out the light. As the White-Maned Lion King approached, a distant whinny echoed, and two werewolves on horseback galloped forward.

Just as Song Ren worried about Ethan's fate, a bell suddenly tolled from afar. The White-Maned Lion King, who was about to finish off Ethan, and the other werewolves all turned their heads towards the sound of the bell. Then, completely ignoring Ethan on the ground, they immediately galloped towards where the bell rang, as if someone was calling them.

In any case, Ethan had at least salvaged his life. He pulled out the arrow embedded in his thigh and simply bandaged the wound with a piece of cloth. As he rose from the ground, out of the corner of his eye, Ethan saw a limping figure appear around a distant corner. A person!? In this eerie village, there was actually another person!? And this wasn't even the place from the radio earlier!

Ethan looked at the figure and quickly got up, limping towards that direction.

“This is too tragic!”

“They seriously aren't treating Ethan like a human being!”

“Is this the treatment a protagonist should receive? Which protagonist has it as miserable as Ethan?!”

Song Ren couldn't help but feel indignant for Ethan. Thinking about other Nebula Games characters, even those who sacrificed themselves, none were as miserable as Ethan. It hadn't even been an hour! His wife was dead, his child was missing, two fingers were gone, and he'd taken an arrow to the thigh. Who knew what else awaited him!

(End of Chapter)
<<END_OF_CHAPTER>>