# Chapter 255: Happy Players (Requesting Subscriptions, Monthly Passes)

Of course, it's not just the Long Sword.

In the game, almost all attacks can interrupt teammates' output, and honestly, the Long Sword's lethality isn't that great. The Hammer's uppercut and home run, and the Gunlance's Wyvern's Fire, those can send Hunters flying. However, while these weapons are quite powerful, their AOE range is relatively small. But as for the Long Sword, its Spirit Roundslash is simply incredible!

If it were just the final Spirit Roundslash, one might tolerate it, as it's just that one hit. But the key is that for most players, they don't understand much about the weapon mechanics in the game. Especially with the Long Sword, whether it's in its normal state or Spirit Gauge State, the damage output is like night and day. Yet, most players don't know how to use Foresight Slash to enter the Spirit Gauge State. They either constantly use Diagonal Slash followed by Spirit Roundslash, or they build up the energy bar and then use the 'clumsy' way to enter the Spirit Gauge State. When swinging the Long Sword like that, it's like a five-meter radius around the user becomes barren. This directly led to Long Sword players becoming somewhat solitary.

After all, if the Bow's wide-range Arc Shot interrupts teammates, you can just choose not to use it. If the Light Bowgun lays mines, you can just go around teammates. Gunlances and Hammers can also be slightly avoided by teammates. But the Long Sword's spinning attack, its range is simply outrageous! One Spirit Roundslash, and all three teammates are knocked down. In the early game, most people didn't understand the relevant attributes, and even if they did, it wouldn't matter. After all, in the early game, there were no Flinch Free Decorations or Rocksteady Mantles. And so... Even though the game had just launched, the status of Long Sword players in pick-up teams had plummeted. You might be cool, but you're hindering your teammates!

In fact, the ones who disliked Long Sword players the most weren't other weapons, but Long Sword players themselves. Imagine a scene with four Long Sword players all using Spirit Roundslash on each other; that picture is simply too beautiful. Of course, not all players refused to team up with Long Sword players. Light Bowguns, Heavy Bowguns, and Bows – the three ranged weapons – were quite happy to team up with Long Sword players. After all, sometimes being far away made it easy to accidentally hit other teammates. But with Long Sword teammates, it didn't matter. Many Long Sword players felt a shiver of indignation. Eventually, they directly transformed into solitary Long Sword players. Strong individuals don't need teammates! One Long Sword, one person... that's enough!

And even if they couldn't find a team, for many solo players, it didn't really matter. Playing solo wasn't difficult at all either! Even if it was Long Sword, Switch Axe, Charge Blade, or Insect Glaive. Even if they knew nothing about these weapons' moves like Foresight Slash, Super Amped Element Discharge, or Hot-plugging. They could still have a great time playing. If you don't know it, you don't know it; just basic attack your way through. There was no such thing as getting stuck on a level!

From Aptonoth, Jagras, to Crown-crested Dragon, and the first BOSS, Great Jagras, many players had already experienced them in the demo version. There was absolutely no pressure. Even though they hadn't fully figured out how to use the weapons' advanced skills. But as long as they could defeat the monsters, why bother with so many details?

As the Hunters progressed through the game's story, they were all very happy. Because this game truly made them feel relaxed. Gathering herbs, mining, catching insects, rabbits, birds, and ants, or fishing by the river. One blink, and a day had passed. Addicted to hunting, sleepless.

This was how many players felt. Unlike other games. Monster Hunter: World basically consisted of BOSS battles, with no small mobs. The gameplay process involved tracking monsters, gathering resources along the way, starting the hunt upon finding a monster, chasing it when it fled, and then successfully completing the hunt. Throughout the entire process, except for the combat time, it was very relaxing. Players all felt very at ease.

Some players were initially a little scared of the monsters after the Great Jagras. But soon, as the story progressed, the Kulu-Ya-Ku, Pukei-Pukei, Barroth, and Jyuratodus appeared. The appearance of these uniquely shaped monsters led players from the Ancient Forest to the Wildspire Waste. The terrain also changed from forest to desert and swamp. But their fear completely subsided. Because many players felt that while the difficulty had increased, it wasn't difficult at all.

Let's not even talk about the initial Great Jagras. The subsequent Kulu-Ya-Ku, although it was the second BOSS to appear, was even weaker than the Great Jagras. As long as you didn't target the rock it held up, there was virtually no difficulty. The Pukei-Pukei's difficulty wasn't very high either, but its poisonous spit attack was a bit troublesome. However, with an Antidote and a little caution, it was still quite easy. Moreover, the Pukei-Pukei essentially had weaknesses all over its body, and hitting it wouldn't even cause your weapon to bounce. Players only encountered a bit of trouble when they met the Barroth. It had high HP, and the mud on its body, like armor, caused players to constantly experience weapon bounces. At the same time, its aggressive intent was quite strong, and if its mud splattered on you, your stamina recovery would become very slow. Fortunately, its attack power wasn't high; even a direct hit from its Dragon Charge didn't deplete much health.

These monsters also quickly allowed players to understand the game's gameplay. For example, the Great Jagras taught players a part of BOSS battles: when a BOSS's health is low, it will flee, and you have to track it during this process. The Kulu-Ya-Ku taught players not to always confront BOSSes head-on, but to attack their weak points, not to use one's weaknesses against an opponent's strengths. The Pukei-Pukei taught players what to do when they encountered a DEBUFF. The subsequent Barroth gave players a concept of the Dragon Charge; compared to the previous monsters, the Barroth's size and Dragon Charge attack method were much more imposing and powerful than the earlier BOSSes. As for the Jyuratodus, it more directly allowed players to understand the impact of the environment on hunting in the game. After all, the Jyuratodus lived in a swampy mudflats. When Hunters moved through it, they were incredibly slow. However, the Jyuratodus's threat was also not great, not even as intimidating as the earlier Barroth.

But no matter what, the difficulty of these monsters wasn't very high. Even if some players carted here, it was usually due to carelessness, when their health was already low. But they just couldn't bring themselves to drink their Potions and Antidotes. In this situation, if you don't die, who will? Or perhaps players were using initial leather armor and weapons, not even bothering to upgrade them. This resulted in their defense and attack falling behind when they reached the Barroth and Jyuratodus, thus 'enjoying' the carting experience. In such a situation, they could go to the Workshop area on the second floor to upgrade their equipment, or if that didn't work, they could fire a Flare to team up with other players. Basically, there was absolutely no pressure.

At this stage, players experienced very little frustration. The difficulty was indeed slowly increasing, but the feeling wasn't obvious. Therefore, up to this point, players were still very happy. Hunting, gathering herbs, fishing. One blink, and a day had passed. They had no idea that the water for soaking their feet had slowly turned from warm to hot.

(End of Chapter)