Time to bell the cat!

It seems I

have to

bell the cat. I’ll read the student council rules before the dinner bell rings.

"Isn't it a bit late to be reading that now?"

I borrowed the school rule booklet from Princess Margaret and read the student council rules listed near the end. I had quickly read through the school and dormitory rules, but I hadn't read the student council rules at all. Since I didn't have much time, I only read the rules regarding clubs.

I see, Caesar was desperate in his recruitment because there is a rule that a club will be disbanded if it has fewer than five members.

Yes, because there’s no time, I’m focusing on reading the section about disbandment.

The rule for the Knights Club this time is: [If a club interferes with the activities of other clubs and causes disadvantages, it shall be disbanded.]

The rule below that one is troublesome! I show that rule to Princess Margaret.

"Oh my, this is truly serious. It could lead to the Knights Club being disbanded permanently."

Clubs that form cliques and cause trouble for other students will be permanently disbanded. Ah, if things go on like this, they’ll likely form a clique with Prince Keith at the head and storm the student council. It will be bad if I don't get them to calm down while there’s still time.

"Yes, the Knights Club is a club with a long tradition, and if it were to be permanently disbanded, the seniors in the Order of Knights wouldn't stay silent either. My cousin, Sir Saries, even said he would beat up Club President Hammond, and since there seem to be many hot-blooded people, I'm concerned."

I discuss with Princess Margaret what to do.

"First, I will have dinner with Keith and his friends. If I do that, the hot-headed Knights Club members will also sit at other tables to eat dinner. At the very least, everyone will eat something. People only get more agitated when they're hungry."

It seems Princess Margaret will invite Prince Keith to dinner. That's a relief. But that's where the problem lies.

"And, I assume you will be the one to talk about signing the petition for the survival of the Knights Club, Princess Margaret?"

Princess Margaret smiles. Seriously? Me?

"Please wait a moment. Let me read the student council rules."

Were there any rules about petitions? I flip through the student council rules.

"Petition... Students dissatisfied with a student council decision may collect signatures from a majority of all students and submit a petition. Afterward, the student council will review the content of the petition and decide whether to change the decision."

Hmm, collecting a majority of signatures sounds difficult.

"A majority will be hard. First, students in the magic course won't sign. Neither will the students in the riding club. If Percival asks them directly, the home economics course might sign. The elementary department might collect signatures if Keith asks. However, many students in the civil service course already dislike the Knights Club. It’s likely to be a tight number."

In the music club as well, the female students would probably sign if Percival asked, but the male students likely wouldn't.

While we were talking about this, the dinner bell rang with a 'clang, clang'.

"Now, let's settle this commotion."

I go down to the cafeteria with Princess Margaret. The commotion has not yet subsided. Dormitory students who have come down to eat are also bewildered.

Princess Margaret straightens her back and approaches Prince Keith, who is at the center of the commotion. The excited Knights Club members also notice Princess Margaret's pressure and move aside. I follow behind her, thinking strange thoughts like, 'Oh, it's like Moses and the Ten Commandments.' I’m surrounded by a wall of meat. It's scary!

"Keith, let's have dinner together. Ralph and Hugo, too."

For a moment, Prince Keith wore a look that said, 'This is not the time for that,' but he succumbed to the intensity of Princess Margaret's gaze.

"Yes, Sister."

We shuffle along in line with our trays and sit at a table.

"Keith, eat first."

Prince Keith looked dissatisfied at having lost to Princess Margaret, but once he took a bite, he ate everything in a flash. Ralph and Hugo also seemed to have skipped lunch. The appetite of growing boys is amazing. I don't even feel like eating.

"Would you like this as well?"

I offer him my food since I haven't touched it.

"No, I've already eaten," Prince Keith refuses, but his eyes don't leave the plate.

"Keith, eat mine. You mustn't skip lunch. If you don't eat, I'll tell Mother."

Princess Margaret also pushes her plate toward Prince Keith.

"Please keep it a secret from Mother," Prince Keith said, reaching for Princess Margaret's portion.

"Ralph and Hugo, you must be hungry too. Please eat half each."

Both Ralph and Hugo were raised with strict manners as high-ranking nobles. They want to refuse, thinking they can't take a meal from a noble lady, but Prince Keith is eating Princess Margaret's dinner right next to them. I divide dinner from my plate onto theirs. Yeah, I'm used to this since I used to share ham with my younger brothers.

Princess Margaret signals with her eyes for me to 'Talk about the petition!' Must I be the one to bring it up? Wouldn't Princess Margaret be more suitable? I beg for forgiveness with my gaze, but Princess Margaret taps her shoe against mine and urges me to speak. It seems I won't be forgiven.

I take the school rule booklet out of the inner pocket of my jacket. This is Princess Margaret's booklet, but she gave me permission to fold it.

"Prince Keith, please read these student council rules."

Because I am faint-hearted, I decided to read the student council rules and have him bell the cat himself. I’ve even underlined them. If it turns out okay, that's fine, right?

"Ralph, Hugo! If we collect a majority of signatures for the petition, the student council's decision can be overturned!"

We finally arrived at this point. I wonder what Ralph and Hugo were doing all this time. Percival too!

"Prince Keith, let's collect signatures!"

Now that I've set the stage, I'll leave the rest to them. Still, I'm hungry. I didn't feel like eating lunch and only ate half of it.

"Princess Margaret, let's ask if there's any food left in the cafeteria."

The Knights Club members who have finished eating seem to be gathering in Prince Keith's special room to prepare the petition and signature papers. In the deserted cafeteria, dormitory students who were afraid to come down due to the commotion are finally eating their dinner.

"I wonder if there's any left?" Princess Margaret says, though she too gives in to hunger and waits for a tray.

"Excuse me, is there any dinner left?"

The ladies in the cafeteria seemed to have witnessed the commotion earlier.

"Ah, since there were no seconds, there's some left."

It seems it was all-you-can-eat seconds in the cafeteria. I didn't know. That makes sense. The amount that fills up tiny Patience is not enough for a 15-year-old student in the knight course.

Princess Margaret and I finished our dinner, feeling a sense of relief that our mission was accomplished.

"I wonder if no one in the Knights Club read the student council rules?"

That's true, but it's too late for that now, isn't it?

"Do you think we can collect a majority of signatures?"

I think it’ll probably be fine, but the Knights Club has attracted quite a bit of animosity due to this incident.

"I wonder what Percival is doing?"

Since he isn't a dormitory student, perhaps he is going around persuading the day-student members?

"He might have judged that it would be better for Prince Keith to start the signature drive. He is likely persuading other club members from the shadows."

As I was reading the student council rules, I suddenly felt uneasy.

"Um, is it okay for the Music Club to interfere with the Glee Club's announcement at the Green Leaf Festival?"

Princess Margaret smiles gracefully.

"They aren't interfering. They are just providing a wonderful song. Look, it says 'clubs that cause disadvantages,' doesn't it?"

I wonder about that. President Albert is giving quite a lot of support to the Glee Club, which became independent from the Chorus Club. I can't imagine that President Albert is doing it just out of goodwill, can I? I'm uneasy.

"Um, wouldn't there be complaints from the Chorus Club? Something about it being unfair for the Music Club to provide songs to the Glee Club?"

Princess Margaret tilts her head.

"Now that you mention it, he is being too kind to the Glee Club for it to be Albert. Even if it's to increase the opportunities to announce new Music Club songs, it's strange."

Princess Margaret also realized that it’s strange for Albert to be kind to others. Up until now, she had only been focused on being able to hear many new songs.

"Anyway, it's fine as long as it doesn't cause a disadvantage. There must be other clubs that have joint activities with each other."

I wonder. I haven't been all that interested in club activities, so I don't know.
