Preparation for Saturday's study session

On Saturday morning, I go to the greenhouse and use life magic to pour mana only onto the leaf buds. Before I realized this, it took a huge amount of time.

"My, why would Macias-sensei say that life magic shouldn't be used?"

When I say it out loud, it gets converted by the Patience-manner filter. In my heart, I was cursing, 'You cranky, mean old woman!', but I was grateful for the conversion at that moment.

"Because you don't have enough mana control to keep magic from going wild. You really must study in the magic user course."

Gah, I didn't sense her presence, but Macias-sensei had entered the greenhouse.

"I dislike attack magic, so I will not be taking the magic user course."

Macias-sensei let out a cackle.

"The reason you can say such naive things is because there hasn't been a war for the last dozen years or so. But only a fool neglects their preparations just because there is no war. Can you still say you dislike attack magic even if your life or your family's lives are threatened?"

My heart jumped. I had let my guard down just because the Kingdom of Lawrence is peaceful. In this other world, wars really do break out over the most trivial things. Even though I learned this in world history, I hadn't thought of it as something that could happen to me.

"Besides, when you cast your sloppy life magic on the antidote herbs, the stems shot up so much they became useless. If you keep growing them at this rate, they'll become very potent antidote herbs."

Do your best! she said, and Macias-sensei left the greenhouse. She's definitely quicker than she looks. She's absolutely lying about her age.

I don't have the leeway to take the magic user course, but I'll think about it. After all, Patience is slow on her feet, and if I were attacked by something, I'd probably be the first one to die. Plus, I want to protect my younger brothers.

Until Mary comes to pick me up, I take out the course requirements and look them over. The magic user course is definitely out of the question. But maybe I could take a few subjects? Like magic control or defensive magic... It would be nice if I could use healing magic, but that's probably light magic, alas!

"I apologize for the delay. A letter arrived from the Countess of Northcourt this morning, so I shall give it to you."

You didn't have to give it to me here; home would have been fine. I already know the gist of it.

"I must take these hot water bottles home. I'll help you."

Mary made a weird face at the hot water bottles, but she wrapped them in cloth, five to a bundle, and held them along with the bag of my spare clothes. I only carried a few books for the study session. Even though I offered to carry a bundle of five hot water bottles, Mary refused.

I rode in the carriage and read the letter from Aunt Liliana. As expected, it was a letter about the study session in the afternoon. She asked about the sweets Prince Keith likes. Yeah, he doesn't like that gritty sugar cake.

"Hey, Mary. Would it be a violation of etiquette to send Eva to the Northcourt household to help bake sweets?"

Mary didn't particularly like Aunt Liliana. After all, despite living so close, she never offered any assistance. However, she views my cousin Samuel playing with my younger brothers favorably. This time, it's a study session for Samuel and Prince Keith.

"If the Countess of Northcourt wishes for it, it is not a violation of etiquette."

Yeah, Prince Keith won't touch those gritty sugar sweets anyway.

On top of that, it seems I have to eat lunch at the Northcourt household as well. Aunt Liliana is quite panicked, saying she must welcome Prince Keith who is coming in the afternoon. The time I spend with my brothers is getting even shorter. I can only sigh.

Once I get home, I first fill up on vitality. Hugging my younger brothers always gives me energy.

"Sister, are you going to Samuel's house?"

"Henry, I wish I could take you with me, but it's a study session for classics, so please bear with it."

Nashius has a confused look on his face. Right, he likes classics, so he can't understand why.

"Sister, will a single study session cure his dislike of classics?"

He must have heard that Samuel dislikes classics from when they became friends during horse-riding training.

"I will try my best."

I want to get it over with in one go! I don't want to waste my precious Saturdays like this over and over.

Then I explain to Mary how to use the hot water bottle.

"My, so not only does it keep you warm at night, but you can also use the hot water for washing in the morning? What a convenient tool."

Indeed, it's a revolutionary tool for a life of poverty.

"We have enough for everyone, so please use them!"

With that, I can leave the hot water bottles in her hands. After that, I'll have her take a letter to Aunt Liliana about Eva. I'm going there at noon anyway, but it's better to tell her in advance. I even wrote down the ingredients for the pancakes.

Oh, I need to tell Wyatt about having the Barnes firm make the hot water bottles, but it might be better to do so after actually using them. I'll talk about it on Sunday!

That's right! I should report it to my father as well. And I need to talk about the study session too.

My father laughed when he heard I was teaching Samuel classics, but he was surprised about teaching Prince Keith. Yeah, it would really be better if he were taught by a royal tutor.

"Patience, enjoy teaching him."

Geez! Father is off the mark again. I only enjoy teaching

my younger brothers.

だけだよ。

The Countess of Northcourt replied that she would send a carriage to pick me up. It seems Eva will come after serving lunch. It's close, after all.

I spend a little bit of time picking strawberries in the greenhouse with my brothers. I intend to bring these as a gift for the Northcourt family.

I ride in the carriage with Mary. Is it really necessary to have a maid even though it's my aunt's house? Mary is packing covers for the hot water bottles into her handbag. She intends to sew them in the waiting room. Well, it might be fine since it's warmer than our house. The Granger house isn't cold yet, though. I'll just think of it as eco-friendly.

Oh, Aunt Liliana is coming out to greet us. She's quite worked up.

"Patience, does Prince Keith really dislike cake?"

Skipping the greetings, she's checking Prince Keith's preferences.

"Yes,

he never even touched it

at the upper dining hall. But he did eat the pancakes served at the summer villa, saying they were delicious. Eva knows how to make them, so it will be fine."

Aunt Liliana calmed down a bit after hearing "I see," so Mary handed the basket containing the strawberries to the butler.

"Oh, strawberries! The Granger family's strawberries are delicious."

Samuel, are you eating the strawberries from our greenhouse? They're for sale, you know!

"My, Samuel, that is bad manners. But they are very beautiful, so let us serve them to Prince Keith as well."

That's fine, but has she forgotten it's a study session?

"Aunt, we are using Hanon for the study session today. Would the nursery be acceptable?"

Then it was chaos. They were scrambling to re-clean the nursery with all the servants mobilized and changing the chairs and desks to more luxurious ones.

I was drinking tea with Samuel and the Earl of Northcourt in the drawing room. Aunt seems busy supervising.

"Thanks to Patience, Samuel was able to join the music club and has been blessed with good friends. I thank you."

Oh, Daniel, Bardiche, and Klaus are also in the A-class, so they must be children of good families.

"On top of that, it is an honor that Samuel gets to participate in Prince Keith's study session."

No, no, I had originally thought of teaching Samuel classics, but Prince Keith forced his way in. I won't say that, though.

Perhaps the cleanup of the nursery on the second floor was finished, as Aunt Liliana came back down.

"Let's have lunch soon. We must be finished before Prince Keith arrives."

Since I said he would come in the afternoon, there's no way he'll come during lunch. But I comply.

"Aunt, Prince Keith is coming for the study session, after all."

I make sure to say this when we finish the meal.

"My, I know that. And Samuel told me as well. But surely you will need tea during the break? I think it would be rude to serve it in the nursery."

Understood.

"Then, we will come down to the drawing room at tea time. I suppose it will be about two hours after we begin our studies."

Samuel is making a face like 'ugh'. I guess he held back from complaining because his parents were in front of us.
