Prince Richard's Visit

I was checking the children's room while my younger brothers were away. Well, the fire is lit in the fireplace, and while I wouldn't call it warm, it’s not cold. The children's room is just too big.

"While you were away at the academy, Lord Saries and Lord Percival came by. I was happy to receive fencing instruction, but... is that alright?"

The riding instructor was a sort of trade-off for information about my cousin Racine’s desperate attempts to make Angela Princess Jane's schoolmate or lady-in-waiting, and it was also assistance from a relative. The same goes for Lord Saries’ fencing instruction. However, Nassius seems to feel hesitant around Percival.

"Lord Percival is the grandson of my great-aunt, so he is your second cousin. Nassius, you don't need to worry about it. Besides, they knew I wasn't here when they came, didn't they? I wonder if they had business with Father."

Nassius tilted his head.

"After my fencing instruction, I was studying in the children's room."

"Ah, Lord Saries and Lord Percival were talking with Father in the drawing room for a long time. I was reviewing the fencing techniques I was taught, but it was quite a while after that when they left."

Henry is really into fencing. He's a good boy. I should give him a kiss. But I can't see any common ground between that father, Lord Saries, and Percival. What could they have been talking about? Well, it doesn't matter. Just as I was thinking that, Mary rushed into the children's room.

"My lady, please go change your clothes. If only the Viscount had told us sooner... no, there is no time to be saying such slow things."

I was forcibly removed from the children's room.

"Mary, calm down. Who is coming?"

"The Viscount only said that a very important guest is coming, so I arranged roses in the entrance, but please, hurry and change your clothes."

Mary is in a panic and doesn't seem to have the leisure to answer my questions. I change into my going-out clothes.

I ask Mary again while she is fixing my hair.

"So, who is coming?"

"Prince Richard. If only he had told us sooner... That’s it. My lady, please cast life magic on the entrance and the drawing room. Right now!"

Huh? Why is Prince Richard at my house? Is it perhaps my father's reinstatement? No, that can't be it. I felt a moment of anticipation, followed by a wave of disappointment. Prince Richard is still a university student. He wouldn't get involved in such matters.

"My lady, hurry!" urged Mary, so I went downstairs and cast life magic on the entrance, the drawing room, and even the front garden. Yep, it's sparkling clean.

"I'm glad we made it in time. Please wait in your room until the Viscount calls for you."

"Shouldn't I go out to welcome him?"

When the Queen visited the Duke of Laforet's house, the whole family went out to welcome her, right?

"No, apparently he is coming unofficially... I will go and confirm with Wyatt."

Mary is quite flustered.

"It is as I thought, he says please wait in your room. This is terrible. The tea leaves... it would be rude to serve such cheap tea leaves."

I calm Mary down before going up to my room.

"Mary, Prince Richard isn't coming here to drink tea. He likely has something he wants to discuss. Calm down. He knows full well that our family is poor."

I calm down Mary, who was on the verge of hyperventilating. Once her breathing finally returned to normal, I waited in my room. Waiting feels like a long time, so I read a law book. Yes, it's boring. But I must learn it.

"It seems he has arrived. What on earth could he want? The only thing I can think of is the Knights Club, but even without asking me, I think Prince Richard knows some of the members of the Knights Club."

Mary came to tell me, "The Viscount is calling for you." She is very nervous.

"I understand. Mary, it must be about the Knights Club. Even though it has nothing to do with me, I wonder why."

In the drawing room were Prince Richard and Percival. Percival must have spoken to his cousin at Romano University and gotten in touch with Prince Richard. So, why are they here?

"Patience, greet Prince Richard."

I would greet him even without Father telling me. Ah, Father also has a "Why?" look on his face.

"Prince Richard, Lord Percival, welcome."

Prince Richard smiles gently and gestures for me to sit. I sit gracefully beside Father. Then Wyatt brings in tea and sets it down with a smart movement before leaving. Wait, this tea is brewed with high-quality tea leaves. It smells good.

"Please, it must have been cold outside."

Since I am the only one here who can act as the hostess, I entertain them as gracefully as possible. My etiquette certificate isn't just for show. Everyone takes a sip and sets their teacups down. Well, it's time for the main topic. A lady would usually start with seasonal greetings and such, but since he is a young prince, I suppose he will skip that.

女主人

になれるのは私しかいないので、なるべく優雅にもてなす。マナーの修了証書は伊達じゃないよ。全員が一口飲んで、茶器を下に下ろす。さて、そろそろ本題だね。貴婦人ならここから季節の挨拶とか色々とあるけど、若い王子様だもの、省略されるだろう。

"Viscount Granger, please forgive my sudden visit. As you might suspect, I need to discuss something urgently with Lady Patience."

In other words, he is asking my father to leave the room. And he's brought his second cousin Percival along.

"I see. I have things to do in the study, so please feel free to talk."

Things to do? Reading, right? Good grief, what could he have come to say?

"Patience, you must be aware of the turmoil in the Knights Club. I was shocked when I heard it from Percival. What is Chief Hammond thinking! And Rufus, the Student Council President, is terrible for just letting it be!"

Prince Richard is quite angry.

"But I heard that at the chiefs' meeting, the Riding Club and the Magic Club declared they would not follow orders from the Knights Club, and that other chiefs supported them. Isn't that a resolution to the problem?"

Percival, next to him, clenches his fist tightly. He seems to be trying to suppress his anger.

"If it had been resolved, I wouldn't be here. Chief Hammond has dragged Keith into this. That is why the problem is only growing."

What? Prince Keith is involved? That’s serious, but it seems to me that it would be enough for Prince Richard to just admonish Prince Keith. He scolded him for leaving vegetables behind, didn't he? He seems used to scolding people.

"I want to protect Keith, too. So, I discussed it with him, but we are at a stalemate. He respects Chief Hammond so much that he can't see anything else around him."

Chief Hammond is criticized roundly by Chief Albert, but from the members' perspective, is he a good chief?

Even after hearing Prince Richard's story this far, it has nothing to do with me, and I don't know why he came.

"Prince Richard, before coming here, why don't you speak with Lord Ralph or Lord Hugo? I am Princess Margaret's lady-in-waiting, but I am not Prince Keith's schoolmate. Besides, I know nothing about the Knights Club."

At that, Prince Richard frowns.

"Those two say they can't express their opinions to Keith. Can they truly be called his schoolmates? However, Keith holds Patience in high regard. Please tell him what other people think of the Knights Club. I believe it will open his eyes."

Whoa, I want to avoid that.

"If you can't persuade Prince Keith even though he respects you so much, Prince Richard, then it is impossible for me."

Prince Richard smiles. Whoa, I feel the pressure, but I can't lose here. I will resist by highlighting a lady's frailty.

"Besides, I know nothing about the Knights Club." I have absolutely no interest, either.

Percival, who had been silent until now, can't hold back and opens his mouth.

"Chief Hammond is manipulating Prince Keith with sweet words, telling him he will let him compete in the Blue Leaf Festival. And he is trying to force his way through by putting Prince Keith at the forefront of the Riding and Magic Clubs."

Even though he retreated once, he's trying to make a comeback by using Prince Keith. Chief Hammond is tenacious. But using Prince Keith for that is unforgivable. If he wants to expand his influence, I want him to have the resolve to stand in the line of fire himself. Ah, I'm getting angry. Prince Keith has many flaws, but he also has a kind side. I can't forgive him for trampling on that.

"I thought Patience would understand. Although they are schoolmates, they have been told by their parents to get on Keith's good side. Furthermore, they saw a schoolmate of Margaret's get cut off so easily, so they are hesitant. That is a problem in itself."

Ah, I can understand that. It is really easy for royalty to abandon people. It gave me a chill. Still, even though I haven't said a word, is my thinking so evident on my face?

"Prince Richard, it is impossible for me to offer my opinion to Prince Keith. However, I will try talking to Lord Ralph and Lord Hugo. Unlike before, they are in the middle of improving their relationship with Prince Keith. They need to find a little courage."

That said, since they are always stuck to Prince Keith's side, I don't know if I can even speak with them. While I was thinking such carefree thoughts, I hadn't realized how serious Prince Richard was.

"Good. Then, let's go to Count Angus's estate now. I have summoned Ralph there as well."

Huh, I’m the one taking this on? Is that according to plan? Also, did you already know that I would answer that it’s impossible to talk to Prince Keith?

"I've eaten with Patience for a year. I know how you think. Besides, you genuinely worry about Keith, don't you?"

As expected, Prince Richard is a capable prince. It’s annoying.
