Nascius's 10th Birthday

Since I went to the royal palace, I was able to come home on Friday. Besides, since I received eggs and such in a basket, I'll bake a birthday cake for Nascius. Eva, that is.

"Sister, welcome home."

It looks like Nascius is about to grow taller than me. I was flustered even though our eyes were at the same level.

"Nascius, you've grown tall."

"Yes, I'll be 10 soon, after all."

His smile is dazzling. Henry has grown tall too, but he's still shorter than me. I give him a tight hug. Ah, the bliss of being a shotacon.

We get to spend the whole summer break together this year! I'm so happy!

When Nascius turns 10, we are to wear formal attire for dinner. I must prepare clothes.

"Henry, you'll have to eat dinner by yourself, but will you be alright?"

That was what I had been worried about for a long time. This other world is not kind to children under 10.

"Mary is with me, so I'll be fine."

If possible, I would want to have dinner with Henry too, but it's a noble custom, so it can't be helped.

"Besides, Brother Nascius also needs to learn table manners."

That is true. He eats well even in the nursery, but I remembered the scene where Henry was overflowing with energy. It's normal if they're 5 or 6, I suppose. But that won't do at a noble's dinner table.

"I don't want to hear that from Henry."

Nascius has also become active lately. It's because he's been receiving horseback riding training, fencing instruction, and helping Matthew with farm work. Since he used to be a bookworm, I think it's a good trend. Could it also be Samuel's influence? He was chubby, but he joined a horse-riding club and has slimmed down, and he comes over to play often on weekends. Nascius only had me or Henry as playmates until now, after all. I think it's good for him to play with boys his own age.

Using the old uniform I received from Mary and Aunt Amalia as a paper pattern, I sewed a dinner jacket for Nascius. Yep, I have to sew a lot of uniform shirts during summer break, too. I want to sew clothes for Henry and Father, and I also want to give clothes to the servants since I haven't provided them with any for many years.

The farm is busy during summer break, but I also want to continue my alchemy club research. I have to get Magic Circle 2 and Magic Circle 3 quickly. But even with just the magic circles listed in the textbook, it seems like I can make this and that. I also have to think about the sewing machine's structure, and I want to conduct research on the thread of Magius's cloak.

But, I also want to spend time with my younger brothers. Come to think of it, the only time Nascius and Henry left the mansion was to go to the church for their ability checks. They are sheltered boys. I want to take them somewhere.

Does this other world not have things like picnics? Ah, there are monsters. Perhaps it's not the time to be leisurely opening a lunch box. Because you might get eaten yourself.

We will celebrate Nascius's birthday on Saturday. Sunday has horseback riding training, and because he has to go back to the dormitory, it's hectic.

Nascius in formal attire was very handsome. As expected of my

younger brother.

だけあるね。

The appetizer is thin-sliced cold chicken served on top of freshly harvested vegetables. Yep, it's juicy and delicious. The soup is tomato soup. I used a bit of magic to encourage the tomatoes growing in the greenhouse to ripen faster. The main course is a T-bone steak. Since it's on the bone, it looks big, doesn't it? The side dish is steamed cabbage and potatoes.

"Nascius, happy birthday!"

The dessert is a birthday cake topped with strawberries. I was growing some strawberries in an open field. And it's also beautifully decorated with whipped cream. I also made 10 thin candles.

"Now, make a wish and blow out the candles."

Nascius blew out the fire with a serious face. What is he wishing for?

"Sister, it's very delicious."

Nascius looks happy too. That's good. Henry is engrossed in eating. He's cute.

"So Nascius will be attending the Royal Academy after the new year as well."

Father opened his mouth, which is rare. He answers when asked, but he rarely starts a conversation himself. Ah, could it be that he's going to get a job? I waited expectantly for Father's next words, but he's just eating his cake in silence. Queen Victoria said something about him working from the autumn, so there should have been some notice already, right?

Nascius is graduating from the nursery. He will do his studies in the nursery with Henry, but he will sleep in his own room. The birthday present for Nascius is a bedside lamp. He didn't express being scared like Henry did, but just in case. If he's alright, he'll turn it off and go to sleep.

I spent the time in the reception room practicing the hannon. Just for today, I'll forget about my side job and enjoy myself.

I was spending time lazily with my brothers for the first time in a while, but it feels like I'm forgetting something... Ah, the marriage proposals for Albert and Percival. Wouldn't this just naturally fade away if I left it alone? No, it would be troublesome if things proceeded on their own. I need to discuss it with Father after dinner. Right now, I'm playing games with my brothers in the nursery. Let's have Barnes Trading Company sell this, too!

I have a bad habit of putting important things on the back burner

when my younger brothers

are in front of me. Being a shotacon, it can't be helped, but Wyatt came to call me to the nursery. He seems to be in quite a hurry. Usually, he doesn't come to the nursery.

"My lady, many documents have arrived from Barnes Trading Company. Are these not urgent?"

Ah, the washing machine, freezer, refrigerator, air cooler, ice cream maker, iron, hair iron, bicycle, slime cushion, glue that sticks without sewing. I applied for patents for most of them at the alchemy club, but the non-sewing glue was removed from my name and applied for under my own name by President Caesar, claiming it was something I made. I protested that he helped with the formula and such, but he laughed and rejected it, saying, "We would never think of materials for Home Economics."

Patent fees obtained at the alchemy club are divided: 10% to the club, 30% to the proposer, 30% to the magic circle creator, and the remaining 30% shared among the members. I am the proposer for most of the patents. President Caesar is the creator for many of the magic circles, but Arthur and Benjamin also made them.

"I will bring the documents to the study."

Wouldn't it be fine after dinner? I was playing Reversi with my brothers, but... yeah, it doesn't look like it. Wyatt's smile doesn't seem to yield an inch.

I sign the documents in the study. There are so many, it's hard to read them. Wyatt has checked them beforehand, but I read them just in case. Because once I sign them, it becomes my own responsibility.

"Patience, you've made many magic tools, haven't you?"

Since Father also reads the documents before signing, he knows what I've made.

"Yes, but I only said that things like these would be convenient. The magic circles were thought of and created by President Caesar and Mr. Benjamin."

I really have to learn magic circles quickly. Since I've been leaving it to others.

"But, things like the bicycle and the non-sewing glue are not magic tools, are they?"

"Yes, magic stones are not required. Since the magic stones in the Kingdom of Lawrence are expensive, I want to make tools that don't use magic stones as much as possible."

Father has finished signing as well, so it would be fine to leave the study now, but I have to talk about the marriage proposals. Because if he doesn't know the circumstances, Father might accept the marriage proposal from the Laforet Ducal family. If you think about it normally, it's a "golden marriage."

"Um, could I have a moment of your time?"

At times like this, it would be easier to consult with Mother if she were still alive. *Sniff*

"That's fine, what is it?"

Yeah, it's very hard to bring up. Being a coward, I'll start with the talk about my debut into high society. He surely knows from the Queen's letter. That's the strategy to lead into the talk about the marriage proposal.

"The Queen said that she would have Princess Margaret debut into high society next autumn. And she said that I should debut together with her."

Yeah, it seems Father knew from the letter. He nods and prompts me to continue.

"Actually... there might be a marriage proposal with Mr. Albert Laforet, the head of the music club. Because his father, Duke Laforet, likes my musical talent. Also, Mr. Percival asked me to be his partner for his diplomatic career. He said he would ask Aunt Montellacied to advance the marriage proposal."

Father seems surprised. And after thinking for a long time, he opened his mouth.

"What does Patience want to do?"

Eh, I get to choose? I didn't like being engaged to Albert without my permission, but I don't know if it's okay to refuse.

"I like music, but I don't want to be tied down only to that... Mr. Percival has such excellent looks that I don't have the courage to stand next to him."

I answered seriously, but Father laughed at me. That's mean!

"It's still too early for a marriage proposal for Patience."

More than that, can I refuse the marriage proposal from the Laforet Ducal family? Is it okay to refuse? That is the problem.

"Mr. Percival said that it would be fine to use him as a shield against the marriage proposal from the Laforet Ducal family. He told me to add being a diplomat's wife to one of the options of what I want to do after going to Romano University."

Upon hearing Percival's words, her father nodded. It aligned with his stance that she should think about her future path after attending Romano University.

"Do you like Percival?"

It’s embarrassing to be asked such a thing. I don’t dislike him, and I do like him, but... I don't know if I want to marry him. In a sense, it’s the same as Albert. He’s a music-loving eccentric, but I don’t dislike him. However, if asked whether I want to marry him, the answer is no. Yeah, maybe Percival has a half-step lead? If the female students who admire Percival heard me say this, they’d berate me, asking who I think I am. That’s the sticking point.

"I do not dislike him, and I do like him, but I do not know if it is the kind of like that makes me want to marry him."

Her father nodded silently. He doesn't have any advice or anything, huh. What a letdown.
