I feel restless.

After giving my brothers—who are continuing their riding training with Samuel—some light-hearted goodbye kisses, I head to the dorms. Hmm, they’re gradually growing out of their need for their big sister, aren't they? It's sad, but that’s what growing up is. It’s annoying, so next time I’ll kiss Samuel, too. I’m sure he’ll hate it!

While thinking about such silly things, I arrived at the academy.

After sending Mary home, I put on my coat and head to the greenhouse. Since I didn't water the plants on Saturday, I was a little worried, but they seem to be doing fine. I purify some water and use it on my ridges. I don’t water the others. Teacher Machias would scold me if I did.

It’s cold, so I hurry back to the dorms. The fire in the fireplace is cozy. I’m in the mood to just sprawl out on the sofa and read a book, but I sit up and read properly.

However, the possibility of becoming a diplomat, which Percival mentioned, keeps swirling in my head, and I can't concentrate. After all, being a diplomat is so cool; it was my dream job. But I don’t think a diplomat in this different world is the same as one in my previous life. I’d like to visit foreign countries, but with monsters and the like, I wonder if it’s dangerous?

While I was thinking about that, it seems Princess Margaret arrived. This time, I noticed her before Sophie came to call me.

Princess Margaret said that since the issue with Prince Keith’s knight club was resolved, the Queen is in a good mood. I had sensed that myself when I went to the royal palace on Friday. Prince Keith, you really shouldn't worry the Queen so much!

Monday morning is Diplomacy and World History. Thanks to Percival’s comment, I’m fired up for Diplomacy and World History. However, for my Alchemy 2 time in the afternoon, I’m planning on going to the Alchemy Club. After all, I want to make "that." But I’m not sure if "that" can really be called alchemy. I’m sure I’ll be able to make it if I use alchemy. In my previous life, there was no such thing as alchemy, so I made things using metalworking.

For some reason, Phillips guided me all the way to the Diplomacy and World History classroom today as well. While talking with Russell and the others about how unmotivated Mr. Cuthbert is in homeroom, I had no interest in a muscle-brained teacher. But listening to the conversation, it seems to be a serious issue for the male students. He is a P.E. teacher, after all.

"Mr. Cuthbert was already strict with students who chose the magic user course or the civil official course, but he’s really made enemies with this latest incident."

It seems Russell refused to sign the petition.

"You’re in the Riding Club, so it’s only natural you’d refuse to sign."

Huh, so Russell is in the Riding Club.

"Russell-sama, my cousin Samuel has joined the club, so please take care of him."

Russell laughs, saying, "Oh, that kid, huh?"

"He's one of those four, right? He’s also in the Music Club, so I’ll keep an eye on him."

Come to think of it, is Phillips in any club?

"Phillips-sama, are you not participating in any club activities?"

For some reason, Russell snorts.

"Russell, that’s rude. The History Research Club is a prestigious club."

Huh, so there’s a club like that too. Come to think of it, there was one in my previous life, too. The kind of club that researches pottery and ruins, right?

"I don't understand what's fun about visiting the ruins of a fallen empire. Phillips, you’re pretty decent at riding, so why don't you join the Riding Club now?"

Oh my, is a recruiting war starting here too?

"No, the History Research Club doesn't have many members, so I can't leave. In fact, I’d rather have Russell or Patience-jou join. How about it? It’s interesting to examine the reasons why the empire fell."

I already have my hands full.

"I’m already in the Music Club and the Alchemy Club, so I’ll decline the History Research Club."

I refused Russell’s invitation to the Riding Club without even having to think about it.

"I am not good at riding."

Phillips followed up by saying, "Since you are a refined young lady, it cannot be helped," but Russell burst out laughing when he heard that.

"I don’t think a normal young lady would join the Alchemy Club, though," he said. How terrible of him!

"Even so, the Riding Club has a lot of members, so I don't think you need to recruit people. Why are you doing it?"

Russell made a sour face, as if he had bitten into a bitter bug.

"There were many members who quit during the recent turmoil, and while your cousin and friends did join, we failed to recruit freshmen right after they enrolled. If things continue like this, the budget will be cut."

Phillips looks envious.

"A budget, huh? We only get pennies."

"Well, that’s because you have few members. But the Riding Club has to feed the horses, maintain the riding grounds, and pay the grooms. If things go on like this, we'll have to raise the club fees."

My heart skipped a beat. I haven't paid any club fees for the Music Club. Could it be that Princess Margaret is paying my share? Also, if I have to pay club fees for the Alchemy Club, I won't be able to join. I feel restless. It's like I'm in debt without even knowing it.

Even though Diplomacy and World History are necessary subjects for becoming a diplomat, I spent the classes absent-mindedly, my head full of the problem of being in debt without knowing it. That was a failure. Being weak with money is a flaw of mine.

I thought about asking Princess Margaret during lunch, but I couldn't bring myself to mention money. But, I can ask the Alchemy Club! I rush to the Alchemy Club. That said, Patience, you’re walking too slow.

"Good day," I say, greeting Club President Caesar and Benjamin, who are already head-to-head, thinking about something at the Alchemy Club.

"Oh, Patience. You didn't come on Friday, so we made a bit of progress on the washing machine. Is that okay?"

You can go ahead and make the washing machine on your own.

"Club President Caesar, I have something I'd like to discuss with you..."

I wanted to ask about the club fees, and if possible, I wanted to talk to President Caesar alone.

"Patience, I understand. It's about the share of the patent when the washing machine is completed, right? We have rules in the Alchemy Club. We had a falling out over it before. Here, read this! If you have any complaints, let's talk it over."

He took a booklet out of the cabinet with a rustle.

"That’s right, if you read these rules and have no objections, I’d like you to sign them."

I was handed the Alchemy Club rules and read them. It describes the share of the profits if a patent is obtained for a magical tool created in the Alchemy Club. First, 10% goes to the Alchemy Club. That’s quite a lot, isn't it? 30% to the member who provided the idea. Wow, you get that much? 30% to the member who came up with the magic circle. After all, most magical tools work through magic circles. The rest is split among the members.

"Patience, the Alchemy Club covers its operating expenses with 10% of the patents from the magical tools we've made so far. So, I would like you to cooperate with the donation as well."

That’s fine.

"Club President Caesar, I can't even make a magic circle based on an idea, and I'm not good at thinking about mechanical devices, so is it really okay for me to receive a split of the remainder? Also, how much are the club fees?"

I asked everything at once. Is President Caesar dumbfounded?

"Patience, I hate to dampen your expectations, but it’s not guaranteed that it will be that profitable. Many people think the labor costs are lower than buying and using a magical tool. So, this is insurance. It's to prevent arguments when we do make a profit."

I was a little disappointed, but well, it’s true that labor costs in this different world are low. It might be cheaper to hire a maid than to buy a washing machine.

"Then there’s no point in making a washing machine."

When I felt down, I was overwhelmed by the passionate arguments of President Caesar and Benjamin.

"What are you saying! Even if it’s not practical now, the day will come when this washing machine will be useful."

"That’s right! Someday, alchemy will change the world for the better!"

"Yes, and so, what about the club fees?"

President Caesar says nonchalantly, "We can cover the club operating expenses with donations from previous seniors. So, there are no club fees."

Oh, so that means there are magical tools that have actually made a profit from patents! Yes! I’m motivated now!

"President Caesar, would it be forbidden to make something that doesn't use magic stones?"

I quickly sign the paper and show them the drawing of that "hot water bottle."

"What does this thing do?"

"I’ve got it! You use it for throwing and playing. But then it’s similar to a ruffles, right?"

Wrong! Both of you are mistaken.

"Before going to bed at night, you put hot water into this 'hot water bottle,' wrap it in this cover, and put it in the bed under the blankets. Then it’s warm, and you can sleep soundly."

Their reactions are underwhelming.

"On top of that, the water in this hot water bottle can be used for washing your face in the morning! It’s a groundbreaking invention that can be used twice!"

I feel like I’m the only one excited. More than that, they are making a fuss looking at my wishlist without permission instead of the hot water bottle.

"Forget about such a strange thing, what is this drawing here!"

It’s the same as President Albert. They are jumping at ideas for new magical tools.

It was good that I got permission by asking, "Club President Caesar, is it okay to make this hot water bottle?" but the 3rd period ended while explaining my wishlist. What a shame! As I thought, I feel restless!
