The cherry blossoms are blooming.

The second spring since my reincarnation has arrived. The cherry tree I planted behind the house has bloomed. Perhaps it was because I planted it too late last year, but it didn't bloom then.

It seems the Barnes Company sold a lot of hot water bottles over the winter. I was surprised when I saw the amount deposited into my bank account. I had Mary go and update my passbook.

It seems the detailed report will come later, but the hot water bottles were sold for 2 Lomes each. Even so, 500 Lomes were deposited. That's 50 pieces of 10-Lome gold coins! How many did they sell? Oh, there were also the needle threaders. Needle threaders are 50 Chimes. Those seem to have sold quite well, too. That's right, the slime-powder cushions seem to be popular as well. They seem to have become a necessity for nobles riding in carriages over long distances. Those are 10 Lomes each. The replacement cushions for the inside are 3 Lomes. It's priced quite high, but it seems to be selling well. Maybe the commission for this is also significant.

I also gave cushions and a hair iron to my aunts and my cousin Racine. The embroidered picture of Viscount Satisford’s port is not finished yet. After all, I’ve been extremely busy.

"Since the cherry blossoms have bloomed, we must go hanami (flower viewing)!"

I’m exhausted from the Alchemy Club and the Music Club, so I plan to have a relaxing hanami with my younger brothers over the weekend.

I managed to finish the washing machine, and with the help of Club President Caesar, I also made the hair iron using a magic circle. Applying that, I also made an iron and a smaller one. I plan to apply for patents for these at the Alchemy Club and have the Barnes Company sell them. When I showed the samples to my sewing teacher, she wanted them so badly that it seems the number of people wanting to buy them will increase.

I also finished the prototype of the ice cream maker for the Aoba Festival. I need to taste-test it.

The second unit of the bicycle is finished, and I even attached training wheels to the first one. I plan to enter these in the Aoba Festival as well. That’s why I attached the training wheels. You don't know how convenient it is unless you ride it. It seems we will take out patents for these as well.

Right now, I’m working on water-repellent processing. It’s quite difficult. A cloak with a protection magic circle is even more troublesome. As expected, the embroidery thread is the problem. I tried it on a small piece of cloth; it works fine on a desk, but it doesn't work when I move it. The magic circle gets distorted, you see. Besides, I’m also worried about how to attach the magic stone.

I also worked hard on the side job of preparing medicinal herbs. But since spring has come, this is over. I’m a little excited to see how much it will total at the end of the semester.

Club President Caesar asked other magic course students about the lectures for herbalism, and apparently, they really just have students read the textbooks. But since I can't believe that's all they do, I'll go and listen to the class once May comes. I also heard that the tests are very difficult. The pharmacology textbook was unfriendly, and I suspect the herbalism textbook is also unfriendly. In other words, I might have to research things myself, not just rely on the classes. After all, Professor Machias hates lazy people.

"If I can pass pharmacology, I can take the junior pharmacist exam!"

I have a little more room in my budget now, but I also have Nascius’s school entrance preparations to think about. If I become a junior pharmacist, I can sell junior-grade recovery potions, senior-grade recovery potions, antidotes, and so on.

That’s right, I want to buy a horse, but... the fact that I’ll need to pay for fodder endlessly is painful. Horse manure might be good for field fertilizer, but I have to think about this carefully before doing anything.

"I wonder if Nascius intends to commute, or if he intends to live in the dormitory? I'll think about it depending on that."

I thought I would buy a horse if he were to commute, but it seems Nascius intended to live in the dormitory from the beginning.

"Since you are living in the dormitory, Elder Sister, I will also live in the dormitory."

Things are better than they were back then, so commuting would be fine, but Nascius seems to feel that it would be a luxury for only him to commute when I am living in the dormitory. I don’t think I can quit being Princess Margaret’s lady-in-waiting, so living in the dormitory is a given.

"But if that happens, Henry will be the only one left at home, so Nascius, it's fine if you commute from home. We can just buy a horse."

Even if I try to persuade him, Nascius won't nod.

"Henry understands that much, too. Besides, if you are going to buy a horse, please buy a good horse when Henry enrolls. Since Henry will likely choose the knight course. As I will choose the civil official course, the school's horses are sufficient for gym class."

Nascius, what a good boy he is. I ended up hugging him.

"That's true. A horse is essential for the knight course."

I want to complete the protection magic circle cloak by then.

When I told Wyatt the amount deposited from the Barnes Company, he was happy for me.

"With this, I want to buy a horse for Henry. But horses are expensive, aren't they?"

Wyatt makes a troubled face.

"Please use this for your own sake, My Lady. If a horse is needed, I will find a way."

Can he find a way? Henry will enroll in three years. Oh, I will have already graduated from the academy by then. I intend to go on to Romano University, but I wonder if it would be better to work?

"My Lady, you shouldn't only think about your younger brother. Please think about yourself."

I got scolded by Wyatt. I wonder if it will work out? In the way Wyatt talks, it seems he has something in mind. Well, when it doesn't work out, I'll have him buy a horse with this money.

It’s not good to be thinking only about money when the cherry blossoms have finally bloomed.

"Let's have our hanami on Sunday for lunch."

I’ll have Eva make sandwiches and karaage (fried chicken). Vegetables are expensive this time of year, so we are growing them in the greenhouse. Of course, strawberries, too. We sell them, but we also eat them at home. Since we were short on fresh vegetables during the winter.

The recipe for karaage is simple, but it’s a luxury since it uses a lot of oil. But I want to make the hanami extravagant.

Personally, I wanted to sit on a mat under the cherry tree like a picnic and eat, but Mary said no. Well, it is easier to eat with a desk and chairs, though.

"Elder Sister, it's beautiful!"

That's right, Nascius. Cherry blossoms are beautiful when you look up at them from below, you know.

"I wonder if this tree was here?"

My father didn't even notice that I planted it last year. Wyatt, if you're counting on my father’s reinstatement, it looks difficult.

"Elder Sister, does this bear any fruit?"

Henry prefers dango (dumplings) over flowers, doesn't he?

"Yes, it should bear cherries."

"I want to eat them!"

Henry, who rejoices so honestly, is a total angel.

The lunch under the cherry tree was fun. As expected, I must practice the lute more. I want music. I can't carry a Hanon around, after all.

After the hanami... it’s horseback riding. It’s also customary for Samuel to come. It’s fine since Nascius and Henry are happy, but I don’t like it because Samuel is from a riding club and his guidance is strict.

If it were the same guidance from Samuel, I’d rather practice the lute. I rode the horse, anyway. And I can even make it walk. That’s enough, right?

When I was helped down from the mounting block, the riding instructor gave me a wry smile.

"It seems you don't like horseback riding, Patience-sama."

Exactly. Well, I wouldn’t tell that to a riding instructor, though. It’s unpleasant, isn’t it?

"I am a coward, so I keep thinking about what would happen if I fell."

The riding instructor makes an "ah" face.

"I see... I understand. So that is why Lady Angela doesn't jump obstacles, because she is scared."

I was dumbfounded. Obviously! I’m even scared when I watch my younger brothers jumping. As long as Racine doesn't give up, will Angela's penance continue? The girls enrolling next year will be in training, won't they? They're pitiable. Well, there might be some who are happy about it, though.

It seems Princess Margaret chose her own schoolmates. She failed, but I wonder if Princess Jane will do the same? If so, she will likely choose schoolmates with similar hobbies. That’s why I can’t easily tell Racine to stop the horseback riding training.

My younger brothers are happily jumping over obstacles with Samuel. As a shotacon, it’s a feast for my eyes.

Well, it’s time to go to the dormitory. I’ll give Samuel a kiss, too. A kiss for a boy who dislikes it! In my previous life, I would have been arrested by the police. But this is another world, and it’s okay to kiss my cousin. Tch, Samuel is using the strategy of not getting off his horse. He seems to be on guard because I kissed him last week. It can't be helped today.

"Elder Sister, have a safe trip!"

I kiss my younger brothers

and get into the carriage.
