A highly successful Alchemy Club exhibition.

"My, what a crowd."

I hadn't known because I had been in the auditorium since morning. The bicycle test rides and the ice cream tastings were a huge hit.

"Oh, Patience! You finally made it."

I was warmly welcomed by President Caesar and Benjamin.

"Lady Margaret's seat has been reserved. Prince Keith, Lord Ralph, and Lord Hugo, please join her."

It should be safe amidst this crowd. Princess Margaret and her group head to their reserved seats. I go to the makeshift kitchen partitioned off from the exhibition hall to assist the senior maids.

"We are running out of dishes."

There are traces suggesting someone tried to wash them, but they were left behind because everyone was busy dealing with customers. I roll up my sleeves and wash the dishes. I finished the drying easily using life magic.

"Have you had lunch yet?"

A lunch box had been delivered from the Duke of Barnes's household, but it didn't look like anyone had touched it. I make some tea and have them take their lunch breaks two at a time.

In the meantime, I handle the plating. Two people are enough to just carry them.

It seems the Alchemy Club members haven't eaten lunch either. I starved when I first came to this other world, so I’m against skipping meals. Once the senior maids were finished eating, it was the members' turn.

"President Caesar, please go and have your lunch."

I try telling this to President Caesar, who is proudly explaining the bicycles, but even though he says "Got it," he doesn't actually understand. On the contrary, I was made to help manage the bicycle test rides.

Model No. 1 has training wheels so it's easy, but it’s not popular. Everyone wants to show off and test ride Model No. 2 and No. 3. And surprisingly, Model No. 4 was swarmed by guardians. President Caesar had hoped that female students would become interested in the Alchemy Club, but it was an unfortunate result. There are also many guardians riding together happily as couples.

It seems Princess Margaret and her group have also finished their ice cream. I go to greet them.

"Patience, it was very delicious."

I got complimented. Since I'm at it, I might as well promote it.

"The tools to make this dessert will be sold at the Barnes Trading Company. A recipe will be included too, so you can eat ice cream anytime."

Not only Princess Margaret but also Prince Keith, Ralph, and Hugo had their eyes shining. Looks like a sale is guaranteed!

Princess Margaret heads to the auditorium with the members of the Music Club. It seems everyone passed on the theater performance. After all, the program is quite dark.

Prince Keith, Ralph, and Hugo remained at the Alchemy Club's exhibition hall. I feel like I'm being looked at with suspicion by the club members. Well, it is strange, isn't it? Prince Keith and his schoolmates hanging around the exhibition hall of the Alchemy Club, which they have no connection to.

"Why don't you try test-riding a bicycle?"

It’s stifling having them stay by my side the whole time. Besides, it’s annoying having them stand next to me looking like they have nothing to do.

"But, we don't have a reservation."

They say that, but they’ve been staring intently at a male student riding a bicycle, putting his feet down repeatedly.

"Model No. 1 doesn't have many reservations."

Prince Keith seems to feel that the one with training wheels is uncool.

"Rather than riding with your feet dragging, it's better to ride the bicycle smoothly on Model No. 1."

"If you say so, Patience, then I'll give it a try."

Hmm? That's an interesting way of putting it. Well, perhaps it’s because I'm knowledgeable about bicycles?

"This is the handlebar, and if you squeeze here, it becomes the brake."

Prince Keith was able to ride the bicycle with training wheels smoothly. His athletic ability is good, after all. Ralph and Hugo were able to ride it too.

"This is interesting and convenient."

Seeing Model No. 4, they seem to have noticed its convenience as well.

"Yes, for short distances, a carriage is not necessary."

Prince Keith makes a complicated face.

"Patience, you must not go out alone on a bicycle. There are many who are eyeing your talent, not just the Duke of Laforet."

Are there people targeting me other than the music-obsessed ones? This makes no sense.

"It's not just the ice cream maker and the bicycle, right?"

Prompted by Ralph, I guide them to the exhibition hall for washing machines, refrigerators, freezers, irons, and hair irons.

"This 'washing machine' thing, is it a substitute for a maid?"

"Refrigerators and freezers seem good for storing food. I understand the iron, but what is a hair iron?"

While I was explaining this and that to Prince Keith, the ice cream and meringue were sold out.

"That concludes the sales."

President Caesar is explaining, but there are many students expressing dissatisfaction after seeing the customers who had reservations.

I ask the senior maids if there are any ingredients left and make two more servings of ice cream. Because there’s no time, I don’t use the ice cream maker, but make it quickly with life magic, which leaves Prince Keith and the others dumbfounded.

"President Caesar, I made 40 more. But that’s all the ingredients gone now."

The students who were crowding around are also eating the ice cream happily.

"I wish some students would have felt inclined to join the Alchemy Club... though the bicycles and ice cream makers seem likely to sell."

That's true. The exhibition hall is quite empty. It looks like the Aoba Festival will end safely after all.

"Leave the cleanup to the maids. Patience, don't you have to go change?"

President Caesar also knew that I would be attending the dance party in the dress I sewed during sewing class starting this year. The female students in Class 5-A must have been making a fuss about it.

"Yes, but I have no interest in the dance party, so..." I tried to decline, but Prince Keith and his two companions were waiting behind me.

"Patience, I'll escort you to the sewing classroom."

Told by President Caesar to "Go on," I walk to the sewing classroom feeling like I'm being led to the slaughter.

"Patience, is the dress ready?"

Prince Keith probably doesn't understand why I'm bad at dance parties. Even though the elementary department has uniforms, the middle department requires dresses. I'm on the shorter side even for the elementary department, so if I wear a dress, I'll stand out. And in a bad way, too.

"I will return to the dormitory once I participate a little."

He looks annoyed that I’m assuming I’ll leave from the start.

"Didn't you receive a certificate of completion for dance?"

That’s only because the leader was President Caesar. I don't say that, because if I did, he might get in a bad mood again.

"Prince Keith, Lord Ralph, Lord Hugo, thank you very much."

I didn't meet the Duke of Laforet, and I don't really think I'd be kidnapped and taken back to his mansion, but I thank them for escorting me.

"No, Patience, you really must be careful."

Being told things like that makes me anxious, but if it comes to it, I might have no choice but to escape to Aunt Monteracied's marriage proposal. Good grief.
