A reward?

Prince Richard was satisfied, and Percival, looking conflicted, had me sent home. I felt like a coward, just wanting to avoid being swallowed up by the storm.

"That’s right, have you already heard about the reward for helping with salt production this summer?"

Come to think of it, there was talk of that. I had just assumed the reward was the fact that I started getting two baskets containing eggs, butter, and sugar. At first, I felt it was a bit meager, but since it has consistently been two baskets, I’m actually quite grateful for it. Or perhaps the reward was receiving monster meat from the winter subjugation? Wait, if he’s asking if I’ve heard about it, then that must not be it.

"I see, Viscount Granger hasn't spoken to you about it yet. Then, it is not my place to say, either."

Prince Richard chuckled, but please don't say something so torturous. I appealed to him with my eyes.

"Hahaha, do ask Viscount Granger. If you tell him I mentioned the reward, he should tell you."

I parted ways at the entrance with Prince Richard, who was in high spirits after having successfully arranged to distance Prince Keith from Department Head Hammond.

"Oh, and I’ll think of a reward for this time, too."

I don't need any more rewards, so please don't get me involved in any problems. I couldn't say that, though.

After lunch, it was strawberry picking in the greenhouse with my younger brothers. Yes, they were still a bit pale, but I encouraged them, saying, "Turn red!"

"You mustn't pick the ones that are still green. Let’s leave those for next week. And Henry, you’ve already eaten five, haven't you? Put what you've picked into the basket."

Henry, who was about to put a sixth one into his mouth, said "Okay," and regretfully placed it in the basket. Well, eating one more wouldn't hurt, but I'd be in trouble if he got an upset stomach.

"Sister, is it alright to have trimmed the roses so much?"

Nascius looked worriedly at the rose bushes, which were now just branches and leaves, in the greenhouse.

"It’s alright, I’ll give them a little boost with magic. They’ll be blooming in a few days."

I wondered if I could even grow medicinal herbs in this greenhouse. It seemed it would be fine if I removed the roses, but I felt sorry for them. I had been saved by the rose blossoms. Perhaps because there isn't much to do in the territory from autumn to winter, the nobility gather in the royal capital, Romano, and the social scene is lively. I’ve made quite a profit selling roses to parties. It seems the Angus family also has a greenhouse, but they told me it doesn't produce as many roses as ours.

"If only it were a little wider!" This was meant to be a wish and not magic, but magical power flowed from my body. I instinctively placed a hand on Nascius's shoulder, who was standing next to me, and braced myself to keep from collapsing.

I had my eyes closed due to a terrible dizzy spell, but I opened them at Henry’s shouting, "Amazing!"

"Sister, are you alright?" Nascius was looking at my face with concern. Oh, our eye level was almost the same.

"Nascius, you’ve grown, haven't you?"

Nascius gave me a look of exasperation.

"Sister, this is not the time for that. The greenhouse has become wider. Is this your lifestyle magic? I checked the books in the library, but none of them mentioned that one could use lifestyle magic to restore objects or expand a greenhouse."

Yeah, it wasn't written in the magic textbooks or the books in the academy’s library either. I checked.

"This is strange. It is true that I wished the greenhouse were wider, but I didn't intend to use magic."

Magic going out of control is terrifying. If I held malice toward someone and it accidentally harmed them with magic, that would be disastrous.

"You should talk to Father."

Nascius's gray eyes clouded over with concern. I'm a failure of an older sister, making my younger brother worry. As I was thinking this, Nascius went a step further.

"I want to protect you, Sister. Please don't overexert yourself."

Oh, he changed from "Sister" (onee-sama) to "Sister" (ane-ue). Nascius is growing up, too. It makes me feel both happy and sad. It’s complicated for me as a big sister. But now is not the time to be thinking about that.

I went in front of the study where my father was holed up to consult him. Yeah, it feels just like entering the staff room. In other words, I’m not good at it. But I’m curious, so I knocked.

"Who is it?"

"Father, it’s Patience. May I have a moment?"

I received permission and entered. It seemed he had been in the middle of reading. He placed a bookmark in his book and set it on the desk. The study is small, so it’s warm even with the small fire in the fireplace. I want to hole up in here too.

"Patience, it’s rare for you to have something to discuss. Sit there."

Was it? Perhaps so. I had been called to the study by Father before, but maybe I had never come to talk to him myself.

"Actually, my magic expanded the greenhouse on its own. It is true that I thought it would be nice if it were wider, but I did not intend to cast magic. That is why I came to consult you, fearing that my magic might be going out of control."

Father listened seriously until the end.

"I am not well-versed in lifestyle magic. So I checked books, but there was no description anywhere of lifestyle magic like yours, Patience.

However, looking at you, I do not sense that your magic is out of control. It is common to hear that magic power increases as the body grows, but it feels like Patience's magic power is increasing at an incredible rate. Until you are self-aware and it settles down, stop using magic without incantations."

I see, Patience’s body is in a growth phase, and I’m growing taller rapidly. And my magic power is increasing, too. I had felt that.

"Father, that incantation is a bit embarrassing, though..."

Father burst into laughter. Oh, Father laughs like this too, huh.

"Ah, forgive me. You don't have to use an incantation that is embarrassing. However, when using magic, be clearly conscious of it and at least recite the name of the magic. Do not make a habit of using magic unconsciously."

Ugh, there are many things I’m guilty of.

"I use magic unconsciously when I am sewing, embroidering, or weaving. What should I do?"

Stating that he wasn't well-versed in lifestyle magic, Father gave me some advice.

"Is it not because it is faster or turns out more beautiful to use magic that you use lifestyle magic even unconsciously, Patience? If so, decide from the start whether to consciously use lifestyle magic or to absolutely not use it and do the work by hand. Besides, once your growth phase ends and the expansion of your magic power becomes moderate, the loss of control of your magic will cease."

I liked the sensation of using lifestyle magic unconsciously while absorbed in handiwork, so I was a bit disappointed. Using lifestyle magic from the start is a little different. Side jobs are an exception, though.

Whether he realized I was disappointed or remembered from Prince Richard’s visit, Father told me about the reward.

"I heard that you came up with the method for making salt from seawater with Prince Richard, Patience. As a reward for that, I received a scholarship for you to Romano University. Once you graduate from the Royal Academy, you are to enroll in Romano University."

Eh, so that was the reward. But in that case, I want to give it to Nascius.

"Father, I will cede that scholarship to Nascius."

Father made a stern face. It’s the first time I’ve seen him look like that.

"Patience, this is a reward given to you. You must not cede it to Nascius."

I was firmly rebuked. I’m very disappointed. Wait, Father’s lips are trembling. Is he holding back anger?

"Pfft! Patience, you don't need to worry about Nascius. I have received a reward from the Queen for your work as an attendant to Princess Margaret. The letter said, 'This should make the sister-loving Patience happy.' I have also received a scholarship for Nascius. However, keep it a secret from Nascius until he is in the middle division."

I glared at Father as he spoke while laughing. Hmph!

"Father, I was worried you wouldn't let me give it to him, that was cruel of you. Will I be able to become a government official once I finish university?"

Father stopped laughing. Then, with a serious expression, he stared at me.

"Think seriously about whether you really want to become a government official while you are in the middle division. You may choose a different path. Besides, you might find a different path at the university."

That’s right. Patience is only 11 years old yet. There is no need to decide on being a government official. Wait, do parents in another world recommend university to their daughters? Well, I don't have a dowry, and if I’m going to work, it might be more advantageous to go to university. Besides, Patience will be 14 when she enters university. He might be thinking it’s still too early for marriage.
