Samuel, Nascius, and Henry

I studied with my younger brothers on Sunday morning. My father usually seems to oversee their studies, but I have to study law and administration, too.

Henry seems to be tired of studying already. Yeah, my focus is slipping too. Nascius is still focused. Yes, he's a smart one.

"Well then, let's get some exercise."

It's cold, but we jump rope in the garden. After all, Patience needs to build her strength. But Nascius has built up quite a bit of stamina. Thanks to his horse-riding and swordsmanship training.

"Oh, I almost forgot."

That's right, even though we're just relatives, I wanted to give some kind of gift to the Viscount Satisford and Earl Monterashido families. That said, the Granger family doesn't have much money to spare. I imagine the faces of Aunt Amalia, my cousin Racine, Aunt Charlotte, and Aunt Liliana. Yeah, unlike our house, they have everything. Being so poor, I have no idea.

"That's right, Samuel is coming over in the afternoon, so I'll ask him."

Well, a ten-year-old boy wouldn't know what his mother wants. When Samuel came over, I had completely forgotten about that.

"Welcome, Samuel."

Samuel’s eyes light up when he sees the hanon in the drawing room.

"Patience, this hanon is beautiful."

He has a better eye for things than I thought.

"Yes, I received this hanon from the Queen."

"I see. It's rare to see such a beautiful hanon."

Oh, that's right. I should ask him.

"Samuel, you wouldn't happen to know what Aunt Liliana wants, would you?"

Ah, Samuel pouts.

"I know at least that much. Mother loves beautiful things. No matter how many jewels or beautiful dresses she has, she's never satisfied."

That sounds impossible.

"I see, well, Aunt Liliana is beautiful, after all. Now, Samuel, I'm going to play, so please help me write it down as sheet music."

I pull myself together and play a new song for the Glee Club.

"Patience, that's wonderful."

Samuel is listening intently.

"Samuel, I'm happy you're complimenting me, but I need you to write the music."

Samuel then began to write the sheet music fluently.

"My, are you truly a genius, Samuel?"

He finished writing one song in no time.

"I can write it if I memorize it. Is it different for you, Patience?"

"Just because you can do it doesn't mean everyone else can. Now, I'll play the next one."

I played several songs, and he wrote down the sheet music for me.

"Let's take a little break. They're nine and seven, but would you mind having tea with my younger brothers?"

Samuel put on a show and said, "I suppose so," but he looked happy.

"Nascius, Henry, this is Samuel of the Northcourt Earldom. Greet your cousin."

When Nascius and Henry greet him, Samuel greets them back.

"Now, let's have tea."

The tea is a high-grade tea leaf that Wyatt procured from somewhere. The sweets were a slight arrangement of the gift Samuel brought. I took the sugar-crusted cake, cut it into small cubes, mixed it with diced compote of strawberries and pears, and yogurt, and served it in small bowls. That's right, if the yogurt were custard cream, it would be a trifle.

"Wow, what a beautiful sweet."

Henry is so honest.

"Hmm? Isn't this the cake I brought?"

Samuel is truly sharp.

"Yes, I arranged the gift you brought, Samuel. It's easier to eat this way, isn't it?"

"Well, it does look cute."

I wonder if that's supposed to be a compliment? He takes a spoonful and eats it.

"Yeah, it's delicious." Whew, what a relief.

After that, I let the three boys play.

"Jump rope is interesting. I could even play this by myself."

"Don't say such lonely things. You can come over whenever you want."

He turned his head away with a huff, but Samuel's ears were bright red. Yeah, awkward boys are cute, too.

Oh, but the riding instructor is coming, too. I forgot about that.

"Now, I have to go prepare to go to the dormitory. Nascius and Henry, do your best in your riding training."

Even though I tried to escape, Samuel caught me.

"Patience, it's a problem if you can't at least ride a horse."

Both Nascius and Henry are staring at me fixedly. Uuuu... I shouldn't run away just because I'm bad at it, should I?

"I'll practice a little."

From there on, Samuel gave me strict feedback. I'm not thinking that I wish I'd just had him write music the whole time instead of letting him play with my brothers. Only half thinking that, anyway.

"Nascius, if you work a little harder, you'll be able to join the riding club."

"Oh, did you join the riding club, Samuel?"

"Yeah, I don't have to take care of the horses for the Knight Club anymore. Daniel, Bardiche, and Klaus have joined, too. The music club is fun, and the riding club seems fun too, even though I've only just joined."

I'm glad he seems to be enjoying academy life.

Henry is asking enthusiastically about what they do in the riding club. Samuel is actually pretty good at taking care of others. He looks like he's having fun riding with Nascius and Henry. I really need to get ready to head to the dormitory now.

"Samuel, I'm heading to the dormitory, but would you mind teaching Nascius and Henry a bit more about riding?"

It seems Samuel actually wanted to play more, too.

"Nascius, Henry, I'll teach you how to jump over hurdles."

"Yay, I want to jump too! Sister, have a safe trip."

"I want to be taught as well. Sister, please take care of yourself."

Ah, our goodbyes are becoming more and more casual. Big sister is feeling lonely.
