The New Knights Club?

The Knights Club’s petition drive was struggling more than Princess Margaret and I had anticipated. Many male students who were not in the Knight Course refused to sign.

"Most of the students in the Knight Course are in the Knights Club, but it’s not enough for a majority, is it?"

There are five students in the 4th-year Knight Course in Class A, but I had expected there to be more in Class B and Class C.

"Just because someone is the son of a knight doesn't mean they all take the Knight Course. I didn't know that more students take the Civil Official Course."

Class 1-A, where Prince Keith was, had been an anomaly. In other grades, the Civil Official Course is the most popular. The girls mostly take the Domestic Science Course, so that's second. And it feels like the Wizard Course and the Knight Course are competing for third. I was surprised. The Wizard Course is surprisingly popular, isn't it? Since there are so few students in Class A, I had thought it wasn't the most popular.

"I see, it's because there are many qualifications one can obtain, such as Junior Apothecary, Junior Alchemist, or Junior Royal Mage."

Many of the students who enter through Class C, the commoners, take the Civil Official Course to become bureaucrats or the Wizard Course where they can get qualifications. I see, knights are usually aristocrats, aren't they? It must be rare for a commoner to aim to be a knight. Unless they are very confident in their skills, that is.

"Female students depend on which clubs they belong to. Those in the Riding Club and Magic Club absolutely won't do it, and the female students in the Theater Club, Chorus Club, and surprisingly, even those in sports clubs are casting stern looks at us. It seems they were dissatisfied that only the Knights Club was receiving preferential treatment."

Prince Richard, it seems you were taking things a bit too lightly. At this rate, the revival of the Knights Club seems difficult.

That was what I was worried about, but the Knights Club came up with a plan. They gathered good-looking people like Percival and collected signatures from the Domestic Science Course like crazy. Prince Keith also seems to have collected a lot of signatures from the Elementary Department.

Of course, there were some students who refused, but those who didn't mind signed, and it seems they reached a majority. Yes, I know this because Prince Keith was talking about it at lunch looking quite pleased. Great!

After being reviewed by the Student Council and with the resignation of Director Hammond and Advisor Cuthbert, the Knights Club was revived. Good grief!

So, the new director is Razmond Sussex. Someone I don't know. I kind of thought Percival would become it, but it was someone else.

Prince Keith is complaining that Director Razmond, unlike Director Hammond, is strict with the Elementary Department students. I feel a little sorry for them, but it’s better than a director who just spouts sycophancy. Not trying to use the Prince is a pass in my book!

"I wonder why Percival didn't become the director?"

Princess Margaret seemed to wonder about that too.

"Maybe because he's a 5th year? Or perhaps it's a meritocracy in the Knights Club, where the strongest comes first?"

Percival was the one working behind the scenes on this matter. But on the surface, he only appeared at the very end to collect signatures from the female students. Percival is somewhat of a mystery. Just as I was thinking that, he came by on Saturday. Along with Lord Saries.

After they taught my younger brothers swordsmanship, I invited them for tea. This time it's egg sandwiches and strawberry sandwiches. Since I was summoned to the Royal Palace on Friday regarding this matter, I also received fresh cream.

"Patience, thank you."

Lord Saries thanked me, but I was just wandering around. Well, I was quite a nuisance, though.

"Thanks to Lady Patience, the Knights Club was able to survive somehow. Besides, as for Director Razmond, I'm sure it's fine to leave it to him."

Huh? Percival’s tone sounds like he’s quitting?

"Are you moving to the Civil Official Course after all? Well, as the heir to the Moran Earldom, it can't be helped."

Eh, is that so? Yet he was moving around so seriously for this?

"The Knight Course credits will all be completed in the spring semester, so I will be in the Civil Official Course starting from the autumn semester. I will be your junior, Lady Patience."

Percival smiles refreshingly, but I don't understand the meaning.

"But, Lord Percival, you were thinking so seriously about the Knights Club."

Percival replied clearly.

"I am not quitting the Knights Club. It’s just that a person from the Civil Official Course won't be chosen as director. Besides, I won't be joining the Order of Knights either. I will advance to Romano University and aim to become a diplomat."

"Count Moran is the Minister of Foreign Affairs, after all. It’s a pity, you could have become a good knight."

He’s going to become a flashy diplomat, I suppose. As I was thinking that, Percival invited me.

"Lady Patience, you are in the Civil Official Course, aren't you? How about becoming a diplomat? Are you not interested in foreign countries?"

Eh, a diplomat? That was a dream job in my previous life too. But I gave up on it because it seemed too difficult. I do want to go to foreign countries!

"Hey now, don't entice my cousin. Isn't being a diplomat difficult? Patience can be a good bride. These egg sandwiches and strawberry sandwiches are delicious, and the previous cake was also incredibly tasty."

I appreciate Lord Saries' compliments, but I have no dowry. Even a poor viscount's daughter might find a suitor, but I want to choose my own path as well.

Percival can't become the director, but he hated being under a director he couldn't respect. Yes, he seems to have high pride. I'm glad he seems like he can work vigorously under Prince Richard.

Since I went to the Royal Palace on Friday, I didn't go to the Alchemy Club. So, I made a list of things I want to make at home. Some things are hard to understand with just an explanation, so I drew diagrams too. While I was drawing this and that, it hit me.

"Ah, if it's this, I don't even need a magic stone, so I can use it at home. Besides, it can be used twice, so it'll save money! Oh, but is this not alchemy? I'll ask Director Caesar!"

The diagrams on the wishlist were roughly drawn for explanation purposes, but this one I thought about carefully and even drew in the dimensions.

"Yes, it was about this size, wasn't it? And I'll make a cover to put this in."

I make a cover out of some unused fabric in the attic. I'm itching to go to the Alchemy Club as soon as possible.

The magic lamps for my younger brothers were very well received, but they won't light up once the magic stone runs out. The magic stone this time was received from the Alchemy Club. Director Caesar said it was a fee for my idea, but I can't keep getting them every time, right?

I'll work hard at my side job of painting pottery. I'll use life magic to paint them quickly from the start.

"Wait, this is a copy, right? Could I possibly do a side job involving magic circles? How should I go about selling magic circles to a workshop that makes magic lamps?"

For now, I'll paint miniature paintings on a white porcelain tea set and have Wyatt come pick it up.

"My lady, you're early today. You don't have to push yourself so hard."

I've done double the usual amount, so Wyatt was worried about me.

"Hey, Wyatt. I can draw magic circles for magic lamps very quickly. Does anyone happen to know someone at a magic lamp workshop?"

Wyatt is looking at the magic lamp in my younger brothers' room and the one in my room. He smiles, perhaps having thought of something.

"Indeed, let's go visit an old acquaintance of mine. However, please try not to overwork yourself."

Now my side jobs have increased. I'm skipping darning socks for sure. The wages are too low.

Right now, I'm working hard at my side job of embroidery at the academy. It seems that one takes a mountain of name-embroidered napkins, pillowcases, and handkerchiefs with them as part of their bridal trousseau. Mary and I take orders and embroider them piece by piece. This is harder than it looks. Because you have to embroider the back neatly too. Because of that, the wages are higher. Besides, Mary, who has connections with an embroidery shop, can get me embroidery thread at a very low price. With this, I'll embroider the crest and name on the lapels of Nashius's school uniform!

Also, I'm learning pictorial embroidery from Mrs. McNally, and if I can master that, it seems it can be sold for quite a high price. Because if you do normal embroidery, it easily takes a year. I'm learning various techniques now, so I'm being careful not to use life magic. Although I end up using it anyway.

According to Mrs. McNally, it used to be trendy to use this as bridal gear. It seems they displayed it to show off that the bride of the house is so good at embroidery. I wonder what happens if it's revealed that she's actually bad at it. Well, there seem to be loopholes, like having a maid do it. And even now, though people don't do it themselves for bridal gear, it seems there are people who secretly buy it. I'll do my best!

The fun weekend is over in a blink. Yet, why do I have to do horse riding, which I'm not good at, on that precious Sunday? Besides, Henry, won't you fall if you jump over such a high obstacle? It makes me nervous and it's bad for my heart.

He says things like, "Big sister, were you watching?" but I closed my eyes.

"Henry, are you alright?" I'm worried sick.

"Next is my turn, isn't it?" Eh, eh, eh, Nashius! Isn't it better to stop?

"It's alright! Try jumping." Hey, Samuel, don't say such irresponsible things!

I'm too scared to look. But it seems Nashius jumped too.

"Big sister, I was able to jump!" he shouted.

Being a big sister is hard work. I wonder if my heart can take it?

"Patience, are you done practicing already?"

Samuel, if you say any more unnecessary things, I'll ban you from coming here. A little bit is enough.

"Because I have to start getting ready to go to the dormitory soon."

Since Samuel asked if he could come over to play on Saturdays and Sundays sometimes, I told him yes. It’s fine because Nashius and Henry are happy to play with their cousin. But, I won't let him force me to go horseback riding! I’m absolutely going to make the Alchemy Club build me a bicycle! Oh, but I have to remember how a bicycle works first. That’s where I’ll start!
