I can finally go home.

I don't know how late the other Alchemy Club members stayed, but I decided that from now on, I need to be careful not to stay too late. I feel bad having Bryce walk me to the dorms every time.

Mary is coming to pick me up after breakfast this Saturday, but I'm a bit busy. I want to water the low-grade medicinal herbs I'm growing in the greenhouse before I leave.

Yeah, they’re growing well, and the leaves are jagged, looking just like wormwood. I water them and leave the greenhouse. Would it be profitable to grow low-grade medicinal herbs in our home greenhouse? Is it possible to sell low-grade recovery potions? I feel like I'm about to give in to Professor Machias's temptation to "join the Pharmacy Club." If I could become a pharmacist, would I be able to live on my own?

Right now, I'm working hard for my younger brothers, but eventually, they will grow up. What should I do then? I previously chose the civil servant track to align with my wish to become a lady-in-waiting for Patience, but I don't really find being a bureaucrat all that attractive anymore. After all, it's a completely male-dominated society. And I don't want to be a lady-in-waiting either; a female-dominated society is scary.

I like weaving, dyeing, and embroidery. I don't hate sewing, but since being a seamstress doesn't seem to pay well, that's a no. I got dizzy looking at the low wages for darning socks as a side job. But then again, maybe I'd have to do weaving in massive quantities to make a living. Perhaps what I want to do is just a hobby. Calligraphy side jobs look cheap, too. I'll have Wyatt look into it, at least.

I think wages in this other world are way too low. Hmph! That’s why I think choosing a path as a bureaucrat, where a man can earn enough to support a family, is the right one, but... I am an 11-year-old with deep worries.

I’m also anxious about whether a woman can even become a bureaucrat.

Joining the Alchemy Club made me realize that making things is fun. But I also understood that I need much, much more study on magic circles. I absolutely have to take Magic Circles 2 in the autumn semester. For now, I'm relying on Club President Caesar.

"Mary isn't here yet. I might as well think about my resolutions for this year."

My goal for this year is, first and foremost, securing food! This is non-negotiable. I promised never to let them go hungry again.

The second is firewood. This is also non-negotiable. Benjamin says it’s a mild winter this year, but it’s plenty cold enough for me. Plus, I’m not going to let the fireplace fire go out once it’s lit. When I was reincarnated, I felt like I was going to freeze to death. That alone is something I never want to experience again.

The third is clothing. Especially since Nashius will be entering the Royal Academy next year. Boys' uniforms consist of pants, a shirt, and a jacket. That means he needs multiple shirts. I can't let him wear tattered ones. Also, he’ll need gym clothes, riding gear, and protective equipment. But it's not just Nashius. Henry and Father also need new clothes. I'm managing somehow with Life Magic, but I want at least one more outfit. And the servants need new clothes, too.

The fourth is magic stones. Magic stones are an essential item for a civilized life in this other world. Even if I make magic lamps for my brothers' rooms or a reading lamp for Father's study in the Alchemy Club, it's all useless without magic stones.

"In other words, I need money!"

I thought about this and that while waiting for Mary, but the conclusion always comes back to money. Of course, I know money isn't everything. But there are many things you can't do without it. Is it okay if my resolution for the year is just "I need money!"?

Should I seriously consider Professor Cainz's flea market plan? Wyatt does it a few items at a time, but that might be because there are only a few authentic broken antiques to be sold.

"If only I had those typical isekai reincarnation abilities like Appraisal or an Item Box at times like this."

Dreaming about making a killing is just hollow. After all, I only have some strange Life Magic.

"And anyway, isn't Mary late? I wonder if the rental horses were all out?"

I ate breakfast, went to water the greenhouse, came back, and indulged in daydreams, yet Mary still hasn't arrived.

"Could it be that Mary is ill?"

I left some low-grade recovery potion behind, but Mary is accustomed to being frugal. (Well, everyone in the Granger family is. Ah, maybe Father is a little different.) I hope she isn't saying it's a waste and refusing to drink it, only for her cold to get worse. Just as I was worrying about that, Mary came to pick me up.

"I apologize for being late. A sudden appointment was scheduled, so I came after preparing the drawing room."

The only visitors who come to my family's home while my father is out of office are Lord Saries or my aunts. And Mary has no need to apologize. It's the fact that we only have one maid that’s the problem. I want at least one more maid.

"No, it's fine. I was just reading my textbook," I say, trying to look cool. I can't tell her I was thinking about making money—it's not very lady-like, and it would disappoint her. I can't say it.

The carriage arrived at home quickly. I can finally

see my younger brothers.

This past week has been long. Being in the middle school division was exhausting with everything that happened. I must hug them soon and recharge my energy!

"Welcome home, Elder Sister."

Seeing Nashius and Henry again for the first time in a week is so cute I feel like I might get a nosebleed. Seriously.

"Have you been staying healthy without catching a cold?"

I hug and kiss them. I want to stay like this forever.

"Elder Sister, are you tired?"

I didn't move while hugging them, so Nashius was worried about me. No, I was just taking a little time to recharge. *Inhale, exhale.*

"No, I'm doing very well."

"I'm glad to hear that." Henry's worried face—I'm going to give him a kiss.

"Let's go talk in the nursery."

There are even roses decorated in the entrance. That means Mary decorated them for a guest. It's not Lord Saries. I'm grateful that Lord Saries is teaching my brothers swordplay, but he’s not the type to notice if I decorate with roses, so I wouldn't waste them on him. I can only show my gratitude by serving him tea or sandwiches. Yeah, I should think of some way to thank him for that, too. I need to consult with Wyatt.

It must be one of my three aunts. I was thinking laid-back thoughts like, "I hope Father isn't in a bad mood." I hadn't grasped the meaning of Mary decorating the entrance with roses. She only decorates the drawing room with roses when my aunts are visiting. As expected, my head hadn't been working properly because of my brothers' charm.
