Slime, slime!

This week feels like it started with slimes and is ending with slimes. Slime powder is deep stuff.

"I think this ratio is good."

I’ve finally settled on the ratio of slime powder to charcoal powder after repeating many failures. But the actual tire-making is yet to come.

"I want to put air inside."

First, use a pump to put in air.

Metal fittings.

And I have to make a cap, too. I sketch the small parts while remembering tires from my previous life.

"I see, so that's how you put air in."

From there, Department Head Caesar gets enthusiastic and starts making the pump and the tire's air valve.

"You try making the tire. Make it the perfect size for the wheel inside."

I think, in truth, one should only replace the tube, but for now, I'm making it as a single unit where the tire is attached to the wheel. This needs improvement later.

I take the wheel and the

metal fittings

in front of the mixture of slime and charcoal powder, recall the bicycle tires from my previous life, and chant, "Become a tire!" while pouring a considerable amount of magic power into it.

"Oh, is that a tire? Let's try putting air in."

I never thought I’d be pumping up a bicycle tire in another world. I was pumping away—kasha-kasha—but Benjamin said, "Let me swap!" so we switched. *Panting*, I have too little stamina!

In the meantime, since I want to hand them over on Friday, I make three hot water bottles and several needle threaders.

"It’s not taking the air very well. We need to think about this pump a bit more."

It seems air is leaking somewhere, and Benjamin is also exhausted.

"Yeah, but first, let's try attaching the tire!"

"That's true!" The three of us attach the tire, and the saddle is also made with soft slime inside the leather. I used hard slime for the brakes. The handlebars are wrapped with thinly cut leather strips. Yeah, it’s become quite similar to the bicycle from my previous life.

"Patience, give it a try."

Neither Caesar nor Benjamin can pedal the bicycle without their feet touching the ground. I ride the modified bicycle once around the clubhouse.

"It feels quite good."

Here, my time is up. I have to go to Embroidery 3. I can't use life magic until I learn a little more about embroidery art techniques.

"Patience, wouldn't it be fine to skip class a little?"

I’m swayed by Benjamin’s words, but I want to take the embroidery class. It’s a side job, and I just love it.

"No, I will take it!" I firmly refuse and head to the embroidery classroom.

Although I acted tough, while embroidering, my mind was half-thinking about the possibilities of slime powder. I could make cushions or balls, and if it has rubber-like properties, rubberized fabric might be good too. If I could make it water-repellent, I could use it for cloaks, tents, or wagon covers, right!

"Patience, I am issuing you a certificate of completion."

Oh no! Because I was thinking about making money with slime powder, I had unconsciously used life magic to finish the pictorial embroidery.

"Um, I’m sorry. I used life magic. I still have things left to learn in pictorial embroidery, so I can't accept a certificate."

Ms. McNally looks at the beautifully finished landscape painting from corner to corner and asserts, "There is nothing left for me to teach you."

"Also, Patience, this needle threader is wonderful. I spoke with the sewing instructor, and please tell them to deliver them to the Barnes Firm as soon as possible."

Needle threaders are popular with people who do needlework. I hope they sell well! Since I plan to have them sell them cheaply, the profit will be small, though.

In this world, it seems life is tough for women, even for children. Needlework doesn't pay much, but since it can be done even in old age, I hope the needle threader becomes useful. Maybe reading glasses would be good too!

"Um, you previously said you embroider your husband’s surcoat, but is it alright for a lady to embroider a cloak or something for a man, even if she isn't his wife or fiancée?"

Ms. McNally loves love stories, doesn't she? She clasps both hands to her chest and gasps. Like a schoolgirl. Oh, and the surrounding schoolgirls are all ears, too.

"That is fine, but you must be careful, as it will be taken as you having feelings for him."

"Um, I’m giving it to my cousin. Is that not allowed? I want to give it as thanks for teaching my younger brothers swordsmanship."

A sigh of obvious disappointment filled the classroom. They really love love stories that much. Well, it is a world with little entertainment.

"If you are giving a cloak as thanks to a cousin, there is no problem. That’s right, I heard in the faculty room that Patience is also taking elective subjects in the magic user course. I believe there was one on embroidering protective magic circles. I read about it in an old knight’s tale."

I hope that romantic knight’s tale is accurate... If I’m going to go to the trouble, I want to embroider a protective magic circle. And apply a water-repellent finish with slime powder, too! After all, Lord Salies visits twice a month. I felt bad about just serving him tea.

For Racine, who sends instructors for equestrian training, it’ll be a hair iron and pictorial embroidery. I heard it’s a port town, so maybe a sea landscape would be good? And for the aunts later, hair irons will do. Oh, if I go back to the territory, I’ll give them cushions with slime too. I think their hips must hurt. It’ll serve as a sample product, too.

Over the weekend, I will deliver the contracts for the hot water bottles and needle threaders to the Barnes Firm. While I’m at it, I want to get some leather and cheap cloaks. I want to experiment with water-repellent slime on the cheap cloaks. If it goes well, I want to have George the coachman wear one. It’s fine inside the carriage when it rains, but the driver's seat gets soaked, after all.

Since I received the certificate, I go to ask Professor Kubrick if such a thing as a protective magic circle exists.

"Eh? A protective magic circle? What would you do with something like that?"

Eh, so it exists!

"My cousin is in the First Order of Knights, so I thought about embroidering one onto his cloak."

Professor Kubrick is grunting and humming. I wonder what's wrong.

"If it's the First Order of Knights, they should have matching cloaks. However, I have heard that some people embroider their family crests or the names of their patron saints onto them. There is no problem with embroidering a protective magic circle, but it is difficult. Ordinary embroidery thread won't have any effect, you see."

Magic circles are powered by magic stones. I suppose ordinary embroidery thread wouldn't have any effect. I’m disappointed.

"Oh, does that mean if it’s non-ordinary embroidery thread, it will have an effect?"

At my words, Professor Kubrick smiles broadly. I only have a bad premonition.

"Long ago, there was a hero who wore a cloak embroidered with a protective magic circle. I thought it was a very exciting story and was investigating it here and there. Patience, you can dye, embroider, and practice alchemy. Do something to make a protective magic circle cloak."

Ah, this is a dreamer who longs for the hero stories he read as a boy. But I don't hate this kind of thing. Let me try it, too.

"This is the material I collected. By all means, please make it a reality."

He handed me a cluttered pile of documents. Yeah, it feels like stuff he collected just out of curiosity. It looks like it’s going to be a pain to read. It feels like my weekend homework just increased.

"But if Henry is to become a knight, he will need to have a protective magic circle embroidered on his cloak. Researching it might not be a bad idea."

It’s not just to thank Lord Salies; it’s for my beloved younger brother too. Big sister will do her best!
