A patent for the Alchemy Club?

Monday afternoon is full of elective courses for the Wizard Course. Even the Wizard Course is abuzz with the news about the Knights Club being abolished. However, it seems that most opinions are along the lines of "Serves them right!" Perhaps that's a natural reaction, given that the Alchemy Club was also a victim.

"Oh, didn't you skip Alchemy 2, Benjamin-sama?"

I want to make more magic lamps, and since I can't fit Alchemy 3 into my current schedule anywhere, I asked Professor Kubrick and came to the Alchemy 2 class.

"Ah, I came here to pick up Patience. On Friday, I stayed until the very end of closing time thinking about a magic circle that could adjust brightness. I finally finished it, so I came to call for Patience."

"Eh, you finished it? But..."

As I hesitated, Professor Kubrick laughed and said, "Go on!"

"Originally, Patience, you've already passed Alchemy 2. Don't forget to take Alchemy 3 in the fall semester."

Since I had permission, I went to the Alchemy Club. Caesar was waiting.

"Yo, Patience, glad you could make it."

Caesar really seems to be in the Alchemy Club all the time.

"Caesar-bucho, do you not have to attend class?"

I'm getting worried. He even forgot to submit his registration for the mandatory dance class, after all.

"Ah, I'll tell you too, Patience, but I won't be here on Monday and Wednesday mornings. I haven't earned the credits for Herbology and Pharmacy yet."

Hmm? Caesar is a fifth-year, right?

"Isn't it Pharmacy 2 and Herbology 2?"

Benjamin laughs happily.

"Caesar-sama struggles with Pharmacy and Herbology, too."

Caesar, who turns his head away with a "Hmph," looks unexpectedly young. Oh right, he's 14 or 15. But since he's so tall and lanky, he’s not in the range of my "shota" defense zone.

"More importantly, look, I wrote the magic circle for the lamp that can adjust brightness. Let's try it out!"

At the Alchemy Club on Friday, we had already made the base and the glass cover.

"Is the knob alright like this?"

"If it's no good, we'll just think about it and make another one. I want to know quickly whether we can adjust the brightness successfully with the magic circle."

He waited for me on purpose, didn't he? Well then, I'll assemble it.

"I'll place this magic circle on the base and set the knob. I'll check if it lights up."

"I know it will light up, the problem is whether the brightness can be adjusted. Try turning the knob."

When I turned the knob, it became brighter. And now, the problem starts.

"Turn the knob back little by little."

When I turned the knob back a little, it became slightly darker. And when I turned it a little more, it became even darker.

"Oh, at this level, the brightness won't get in the way of sleeping."

Caesar let out a "Hmph!" but he looks very happy. That side of him is cute.

I attach the glass dome-shaped cover.

"It's complete! Now Henry won't be scared when he sleeps. When I was at home, I used to go blow out the candles a while after saying goodnight, but since I’ve entered the dormitory, I’ve been worried."

Club President Caesar and Benjamin are looking at me with strange expressions.

"Isn't that the job of a nanny?"

Benjamin asks curiously. He's a rich kid, after all.

"We don't have a nanny at my house. The maid and I take care of my younger brothers."

Club President Caesar seems to have sensed something, but he changes the subject.

"Patience, isn't there anything else you want to make?"

"There are many things I want to make, but I lack the knowledge of magic circles to create them. I must take Magic Circles 3 in the fall semester and study."

This magic lamp was also made almost entirely thanks to Club President Caesar.

"Are there that many things you want to make? Patience, tell me."

Club President Caesar looks just like Club President Albert, who wants a new song.

"That's right! Patience is a member of the Alchemy Club now. Isn't the true essence of the Alchemy Club to have everyone work together to create new magic tools if there's an idea?"

Wow, Benjamin's hair is standing on end. He looks like he's about to turn into a "Lion-Maru."

"If it's okay for it to be something I want..."

There are many things I think would be useful.

"That's fine! Now, say it!"

It's practically blackmail. Well then, I'll tell you a lot.

"I can use lifestyle magic, but there are more people who can't. So, I want a washing machine. And a vacuum cleaner too. Oh, when making sweets, if I'm there, it's easy to whip eggs or heavy cream, but I also want a whisk. A dryer to dry hair is also necessary. And, the electric fan I saw at last year's Aoba Festival, I want an air cooler with a function that blows cold air added to that. And..."

My mouth was covered by Benjamin's hand.

"Wait a minute! Even if you say so much at once, I'll just get confused."

Club President Caesar was in a state of confusion, saying, "What is a washing machine? What does a vacuum cleaner do? A whisk? A dryer? Cold air?", but he started asking me one by one.

"A washing machine is a box where you put water and detergent, stir it, and remove dirt. Oh, can't the stirring be done by applying the fan?"

It seems hard to understand even with an explanation, so I draw a picture.

"I see, this could be done with a magic circle applied from a fan. But we would also need a magic circle to put in the water, and we need drainage, too."

Oh, if it stays like this, the laundry will stay soaking wet. Let's see, a two-tub washing machine before a fully automatic one can also spin-dry, right?

"I've thought of a better washing machine than this. We add a spin-dry function to this washing machine. We split it into a washing tub and a spin-dry tub."

Both of them have faces that don't understand at all. I see, they’ve never done laundry, nor have they ever seen it being done.

"You at least know that laundry is done with water and detergent, right?"

They seem to barely know. Both nod.

"That is very heavy labor. Besides, detergent is expensive, so a two-tub system can save money."

Oh, the meaning isn't getting through at all. From then on, I explained how to use a two-tub washing machine until it was time for Herbology.

"I see, first you wash the less dirty laundry in the larger washing tub with detergent. Then you put it in the spin-dry tub to spin-dry it. In the meantime, you wash the dirtier laundry in the washing tub. Then, you take that out and drain the dirty laundry water. There, you put the less dirty laundry from the spin-dry tub into the washing tub and rinse it while running water. When that's done, you take the dirtier laundry out of the spin-dry tub and rinse it in the washing tub."

Did I make a mistake by explaining the "double-use" method all at once?

"You forgot to put the less dirty laundry into the spin-dry tub after rinsing. And you must also spin-dry the dirtier laundry in the spin-dry tub after rinsing it."

The two of them sighed.

"I didn't know laundry was this difficult."

"Caesar-bucho, it doesn't end here. You have to hang it up and let it dry. And if you don't iron it, it will be all wrinkled. Oh, I absolutely want a magic tool for an iron, too! The current one uses charcoal inside, so it's heavy and my hands get tired."

Benjamin is exasperated with me.

"Is Patience really a noble lady?"

"Well, we use irons in sewing class at the Royal Academy, too. Besides, I can use lifestyle magic, so I have never done laundry. My maid, Mary, wouldn't allow me to, either."

Club President Caesar laughed heartily.

"We needed Patience. We know too little about the things necessary for daily life."

Benjamin is scratching his head. So that's how a "Lion-Maru" is made.

"I still can't understand how to use the two-tub washing machine."

Explaining the double-use method at the beginning might have been a failure.

"I made it too complicated by thinking about how to save detergent and water for the two-tub washing machine. If you use it normally, you put water, detergent, and laundry into the washing tub and spin it. Then you take the laundry out and drain the dirty detergent water from the washing tub while spin-drying in the spin-dry tub. You return the spin-dried laundry to the washing tub and rinse it with running water. Once the rinse water is clean, you put the laundry in the spin-dry tub and just spin-dry it."

Even so, Benjamin frowns as if it's still complicated, but Club President Caesar seems to have understood it completely.

"Patience, if the washing machine is made, we can get a patent. Let's do our best!"

"A patent... but I can't make it myself."

I'm disappointed. Even if I have the idea, I don't have the ability to make a magic circle.

"What are you saying? Ideas are important for patents. From now on, let's all make the washing machine together!"

Club President Caesar and Benjamin are full of spirit, but cruelly, the bell rings at the end of the 3rd period, "Clang, clang."

"It's the Herbology 2 class. I have to go to the greenhouse."

As I try to stand up from my chair, Club President Caesar stops me, saying, "What about the other things like the vacuum cleaner, whisk, iron, dryer, and air cooler?"

"Director Caesar, there are many, many more things that I want. So, let’s take our time and make them."

While Director Caesar was left dumbfounded, I hurried toward the greenhouse. I was quickly caught up by Benjamin, who should have left the alchemy club quite a bit after me.

Don't go trying to recruit me with, "Patience, why don't you switch to the wizard course?" Honestly!
