A hot water bottle and a needle threader.

Louise makes me feel all fuzzy and frustrated. "If you want to be a lady-in-waiting so much, why don't you just join the dormitory!"

I felt better after shouting a little. Patience is graceful, but I need to let off steam sometimes.

I wrapped the hot water bottle and the sewn cover in cloth. I wrapped the needle threader in paper. My luggage has increased, but since the third period is almost over, I have to go to Princess Margaret's room.

Sophie carried the hot water bottle for me at the royal palace. It seems that young ladies are not supposed to carry their own luggage.

"Mother, I’m back."

Princess Margaret also greets her gracefully.

"Margaret, welcome back. Patience, you sit down too."

I sit in the chair next to Princess Margaret.

"I brought the hot water bottle that Patience made for Mother and Jane, and a needle threader too."

Sophie places the hot water bottle in front of the Queen.

"My, how is this used?"

Princess Margaret explained it for me. Since she is actually using it, she understands it well.

"If you put hot water in it from here before going to bed at night, it keeps the inside of the bed warm, making it easy to sleep. Furthermore, you can wash your face with that hot water in the morning."

The Queen smiled as she listened to Princess Margaret's explanation.

"This is a good item for people who cannot afford to buy many magic stones or firewood. Patience, I accept it gratefully."

As expected, the Queen immediately thought of the poor. I hand the needle threader wrapped in paper to Princess Margaret.

"This is also a needle threader made by Patience. I use it during sewing and embroidery class too, and it is very convenient. I thought I would give them to Mother and Jane as well."

When the Queen opened the paper and saw the needle threader, she seemed to understand how to use it.

"Patience, this looks convenient. And I am happy that Margaret seems to be working seriously on her sewing and embroidery classes."

The Queen noticed there were three hot water bottles.

"Oh, Margaret said these were for me and Jane, but what is this one?"

I’m a shotacon, so I made one for Prince Marcus, but I wonder if it would have been better to make one for the King instead?

"That is Prince Marcus's hot water bottle. My younger brothers say they can sleep soundly at night, too."

The King can just buy one at the Barnes Trading Company. I prioritized the shota. The Queen laughs, "Ho ho ho."

"Patience, you are kind to those weaker than yourself. That is a wonderful thing."

It wasn't such a noble reason, so it makes me feel ticklish/awkward.

"Patience wrote several lovely songs for the Glee Club's performance at the Green Leaf Festival."

Princess Margaret worked hard and passed Manners 1, but she still seems to want to avoid questions about the academy. I played a few songs, and was sent back from the palace by carriage.

It's nice to be able to spend one more night with my younger brothers. Until dinner, I'll be in the nursery checking on things I missed.

"Sister, I will study hard so that I can skip a grade."

I feel like telling Nascius that he doesn't have to work that hard. But it’s true that the middle division classes are more interesting than the primary division ones.

"Do it at a pace that doesn't overexert you, okay?"

For Nascius, the academic subjects should be easy. But when it comes to practical skills, it makes a big difference which teacher you get for physical education. I think it would be tough if you get Mr. Cuthbert. Russell was complaining about it, too.

I am going to the Barnes Trading Company on Saturday afternoon, so I talk to Wyatt about the contract in the morning.

"There are no issues with this contract. I believe it would be best for you to have the Viscount’s signature and your own signature on this, and then bring it with you."

And then Wyatt handed me two notebooks.

"What are these?"

"This is your bank account ledger, My Lady. You may tell the Barnes Trading Company to transfer funds into this account. And the other one is a checkbook."

I was surprised. I had received an envelope from Aunt Liliana that seemed to contain a check for Samuel's tutoring fees, but I never expected to hold something like this myself.

"But I wanted this to be used for the Granger family."

Everything I think of through alchemy is mostly for my younger brothers.

"The garden, the greenhouse, and your side work are sufficient for that. In the first place, a young lady shouldn't have to do side work... please use this for your future."

I have a checkbook at 11 years old, but I can only spend the amount in this bank account. In other words, right now there are only the 100 [teams/units] that were used to open the account. But, I am happy to have money I can use freely!

I go to the study to get my father to sign it.

"Father, is it really okay for me to have an account and a checkbook?"

I'm still just a child who can't even sign a contract on her own, is it really okay to give me checks?

"It is profit from goods you thought of, Patience, so you should be the one to use it."

Unlike Wyatt, this feels like pure idealism, but oh well.

Father signs below my signature. Surprisingly, his handwriting is very beautiful. I had an image of scholars having messy handwriting, but he is a noble, after all. Oh, I should teach Nascius and Henry calligraphy, too.

I spend the rest of the morning jumping rope with my younger brothers and picking strawberries in the greenhouse. Since they have both grown up, I decided they are allowed to eat up to 6 strawberries. They aren't as big as the strawberries from my previous life, though. I also picked strawberries as a souvenir to take to the Duke of Barnes's house.

As promised, Section Chief Caesar came to pick me up in a carriage. I greet my father, and Mary and I board the carriage. This time, since I want to shop at the Barnes Trading Company, Mary has received money from Wyatt. It seems young ladies don't carry money, either. The maid seems to pay for things. Come to think of it, this is my first shopping trip in another world!

This time, the Duchess of Barnes was also present. A stunningly gorgeous beauty! She’s Section Chief Caesar’s mother, right? It seems Caesar has inherited almost only the Duke of Barnes's genes. He doesn't have this kind of glamour, after all.

"So you are the young lady Patience who joined the Alchemy Club. If Caesar causes you any trouble, tell me. I will scold him thoroughly."

Wow, she looks like a gorgeous beauty but acts like a tough mom. It seems Section Chief Caesar isn't good with his mother. It looks like he’s being kept under her thumb.

"It seems Marianne has taken a liking to you, Lady Patience. It is rare, you know, for her to take a liking to a young lady."

The Duchess smiles sweetly. Smiles in this other world are scary.

"You, of all people, must like Lady Patience as well. But you must not push a young lady too hard. Caesar is obsessed with alchemy, so you must not forget to be considerate, thinking that just because you are fine, everyone else is."

It’s true, the Alchemy Club doesn't end even when it gets pitch black. Only Bryce is considerate enough to look out for me.

"Thank you," I reply. I have to be careful myself, though.

The Duke of Barnes signs the contract, and with this, the purpose of the visit is achieved.

"I was told by the Royal Academy that they want the needle threaders delivered as soon as possible. Now we can go into production."

Ah, the power of advertising is immense!

"Patience, did you do something?"

Section Chief Caesar is sharp.

"I only gave samples to the sewing and embroidery teachers. Oh, I also gave a hot water bottle and a needle threader to the Queen, so the palace might place an order as well."

The Duke of Barnes's eyes glint. He smells a business opportunity. The Duchess stops the Duke, who looks like he’s about to start moving immediately.

"Lady Patience, would you like some tea... Alois, where do you intend to go?"

The Duke can't go against his wife, it seems. We chat while drinking tea.

"Is that bicycle we talked about finished yet?"

So he hadn't given up on it after all. Section Chief Caesar looks exasperated too.

"Father, the bicycle still has room for improvement."

He intends to refuse it point-blank, but that’s bad. Look, he’s hooked.

"That means it’s almost finished, then. I’d like to see it sometime."

See! Section Chief Caesar, don't rely on me now. I think it’s better for bicycles to be sold widely. I’m not making them because I want to play around with improvements forever. I ignore him and drink my tea. It has a lovely scent.
