I’m going to sew a dress in sewing class!

I don’t have any free time on Tuesdays, so I’ll wake up early. I also came in from the morning on Monday, so this makes it two days in a row.

The morning is for geography and a foreign language. I’ve already returned the Danish book I borrowed from Mr. Morse. Both Princess Margaret and Patience are skilled at music and have a good ear, so they’ve improved quite a bit.

The afternoon is for sewing. I plan to do the main stitching and attach the polka-dot pattern.

"I'd be troubled if Patience received her certificate."

Prince Keith and the others never dare to interrupt when Princess Margaret speaks about the home economics course during lunch. That’s because they never know what might set her off.

"It looks like I might finish it today, but I might have to sew six of them."

It seems even Princess Margaret has no information about what the changes will entail.

"That might be true. After all, it would be a pity if only Patience had to wear her uniform for the Aoba Festival and the Harvest Festival."

No, I think there are many who prefer the uniform. (Princess Margaret included, too). Personally, I don’t even need to attend the dance party, and the uniform is more comfortable anyway.

"That sounds as if you're saying she shouldn't get her certificate."

Even though Prince Keith and the others were wisely keeping quiet, Club President Albert interrupted as he was passing by.

"Well, that is not the case. Please refrain from using phrasing that invites misunderstanding."

No, I don’t think it was a misunderstanding.

"Is that so? Well, that’s fine then. I want Patience to keep earning certificates and composing new songs. Lately, it feels like she’s only focusing on the Alchemy Club."

Club President Albert is truly a nuisance. Don’t say things like that in front of Princess Margaret.

If I don't deny it by saying, "It's a misunderstanding," Princess Margaret will nag me about it later.

"Is that so? Caesar has been in a good mood since Patience joined the club."

"Isn't that just because the Alchemy Club wasn't disbanded?"

Club President Caesar is obsessed with making washing machines and bicycles, after all. It’s obvious to anyone looking.

"Well, that might be part of it, but... Patience, what are you working on?"

Club President Albert is the head of the Music Club; he has no right to give orders regarding the Alchemy Club.

"Please ask Club President Caesar about that."

Club President Albert huffed and walked away, but for some reason, Prince Keith is in a bad mood. If it were Princess Margaret (albeit for unreasonable music-loving reasons), I could understand her being angry. But why him? It has nothing to do with him.

Ralph and Hugo are trying to distract Prince Keith by talking to him about this and that. Wait, is it my fault? This makes no sense.

During sewing class, I give two needle threaders to Ms. Cameron. They’re samples.

"My, this is convenient."

The teacher understands how to use it immediately and is delighted. Yeah, anyone who does needlework can see how useful it is.

Of course, I gave a needle threader to Princess Margaret as well. When I showed her how to use it, she was extremely happy.

"Patience, did you make this in alchemy, too? That hot water bottle is also warm and wonderful at night. You know, I want to give the hot water bottle and the needle threader to my mother and Jane."

Princess Margaret has become just a little bit more willing to tolerate me juggling the club with the Alchemy Club.

"Yes, please do use them."

I’m going to the royal palace this Friday, so I’ll make sure to have the hot water bottles and needle threaders ready by then.

While talking with Princess Margaret, I continued to stitch away and finished the polka-dot dress.

"Patience, I want to buy these needle threaders at the academy. Where are they sold?"

I called Ms. Cameron over to check my finished work, but we ended up talking about the needle threader. Well, everyone in this class needs one. Ms. Cameron especially lends her needle threaders to the clumsy students. I wonder who that could be.

"This is something I made, but it is scheduled to be sold by the Barnes Trading Company."

Ms. Cameron is very eager, wanting to get her hands on them as soon as possible.

"By any chance, is it the same for embroidery? I don't mind making a few myself, but if you need a large quantity, please tell the Barnes Trading Company to hurry."

Ms. Cameron said she would consult with Ms. McNally of the embroidery department and the other teachers before talking with the Barnes Trading Company. Publicity is important!

"Oh, Patience, the dress is finished, isn't it? Yes, you’ve sewn it very well."

Now then, will I get my certificate, or do I have to sew six of them? I’m feeling a bit nervous.

"Up until last year, I think I would have issued a certificate if you had sewn this well. But, you know it’s become stricter starting this year. As I thought, I cannot issue you a certificate unless you also sew a winter dress."

She didn't say I had to sew six, but it seems I do have to sew a winter dress as well. Princess Margaret sighed softly beside me. She must have been relieved. If you take your eyes off her, she does all sorts of outrageous things, after all. But I’ll try to teach her at least the basics while I’m here.

"I will have the winter fabric prepared by the next class," Ms. Cameron said, so I must make sure to sew as much of Princess Margaret's dress as possible today!

"The skirt portion is finished. After this, you just need to sew the shoulders of the front and back bodice together, and then sew it to the skirt, and the basting will be complete."

I use tailor's chalk to mark the same spots where they are to be sewn together. With this, she should know where to sew until next week.

"Patience, you must be careful with Caesar and Benjamin."

Princess Margaret gave me that warning while pinning the fabric at the same marked spots, but I don’t understand what she means.

"Honestly! You don't realize your own value. Albert is obsessed with musical talent, and those two will surely become obsessed with your talent for alchemy. Besides, you are the only female student in the Alchemy Club, so you must be careful."

I have ideas, but I don't yet have the ability to build them. Princess Margaret doesn't know that. More importantly, the pins are misaligned.

"Princess Margaret, if you don't pin the fabric properly, the dress won't be sewn according to the pattern."

It's difficult to pin fabric properly, isn't it? Still, isn't Princess Margaret's sewing speed too slow? It's just basting, so you should be able to just zip through it... I have to make a sewing machine! This doesn't even need magic stones, so it should sell well at the Barnes Trading Company. The big problem is that I don’t clearly remember the structure of a sewing machine. That will have to wait.

Right now, I have to make a washing machine, a bicycle, and an ice cream maker.

Personally, I also want to make a hair iron, and I want to make magic lights for Mary and my father. I’m thinking of giving the hair iron to my aunts and my cousin Racine as a thank-you gift.

I don't know what would be good for Lord Salius. But he continues to provide sword training to my younger brothers. I want to give him something in return. I don’t know what a knight’s life is like, so I don’t know what he might need. As I thought, I really should have toured the Barnes Trading Company more.
