Thursday is in the greenhouse...

Since I’m exempt from cooking during the second period on Thursdays, I spend it in the greenhouse, pouring a tiny bit of magic into the sprouts of the antidote herbs little by little. It’s my first time doing such tedious work. Moreover, I mustn’t pour too much. If I’m not careful, the magic will reach the stems and they’ll sprout upwards in a flash. I planted 20 seeds, and each one has several small buds on it. Once I finish the fiddly work, I stretch my back.

"Do I have to do this every day? I have to wake up early on Saturday mornings. I have to finish it before Mary comes to pick me up. I might need to come a bit early on Sundays, too."

Pouring magic only into the buds seems like good training for magic control. I reflect on having used sloppy everyday magic until now.

The antidote herbs, whose stems had been shooting up, are now sprouting leaves, and I think they are starting to resemble the antidote herbs used in pharmacology.

"I'll do my best to surprise Professor Macias!"

Although I thought that, that professor seems tough. Besides, if he does rounds every morning, he probably knows what I'm doing.

*Clang, clang.* It’s the lunch bell.

Since I’d been messing with soil, I cast everyday magic on my whole body.

I guess I have to go to the

Upper-class Dining Hall, but it's still awkward to eat there without Princess Margaret.

"The cafeteria is perfectly fine."

When we talked about the music club budget, Princess Margaret told me to eat in the

Upper-class Dining Hall

on Thursdays as well. I reflect that I should have discussed it properly at that time! Last week, when I tried to eat at the cafeteria, I bumped into Prince Keith and was dragged off there.

"Prince Keith has lecture classes in the morning, right? In that case, he can get to the

Upper-class Dining Hall

early."

At times like this, it’s convenient that the primary course schedule is the same for three years. If it were practical skills, it would take time to change clothes and move to classrooms, but for lectures, I thought I could just shift the time slightly. Besides, Patience is a slow walker. By the time I walk from the greenhouse to the cafeteria, Prince Keith and the others will probably be eating in the

Upper-class Dining Hall.

で食事をしているだろう。

"Patience, you're late!"

Huh? Why is Prince Keith at the bottom of the stairs to the

Upper-class Dining Hall?

への階段の下にいるの？

"Where were you?"

Could it be... was he waiting for me?

"I was at the herbalism greenhouse. I didn't think you would be waiting for me. I am so sorry."

Ignoring my apology, he marches up the stairs.

"Prince Keith was worried because Lady Patience wasn't at the dining hall either, you see."

I'm surprised by Ralph's words. I don't know what there is to worry about.

"Since you are exempt from cooking during the second period on Thursdays, I thought you were spending all your time in the Alchemy Club."

Prince Keith really hates the Alchemy Club that much, huh? I wish he wouldn't complain about other people's club activities. I'm not complaining about Prince Keith's Knight Club, am I?

"I am currently busy cultivating antidote herbs. Those antidote herbs are truly temperamental and troublesome."

It’s just like Prince Keith! I didn't say that out loud, though. But Prince Keith's eyebrow twitched slightly. Did I trigger his gaffe radar?

"More importantly, what is Princess Margaret eating?"

Oh, that’s a nice save, Ralph.

"She told me it was ham steak the other day."

It’s just cutting and grilling ham. It’s beyond my understanding how she could fail at that. What is it today?

"That sounds delicious, then."

Prince Keith's mind seems to have wandered elsewhere, too. Phew.

"Considering Princess Margaret's struggles, it's awkward to eat here. From next time, I will eat downstairs."

I finally said it! Now Thursdays should be free. Or so it should have been, but for some reason, Prince Keith insists stubbornly.

"My sister told me to eat with you. Therefore, I cannot break my promise."

Don't you think you don't need to be that stubborn? Just go eat happily with your two schoolmates!

"That's right, Lady Patience has earned certificates in many subjects, hasn't she? Prince Keith is planning to choose two courses when he enters the intermediate course, so he's wondering which subject certificates he should earn."

Hugo, did you stop me from refuting that? Huh? Am I being treated like

a landmine?

Seriously?

"I think language, mathematics, and magic are easy. If you tell your professor during the final exams in the spring semester, you can take the sixth-year test."

When I was in my first year, I didn't skip grades in history and classics, so I left those out. As for the rest of the practical skills, I’ve already taken dance, and it seems I can take music and art too.

After that, I ate in silence while listening to the three of them talking about trying hard to earn certificates for magic practicals and physical education. Yeah, there's no point in me being in this seat, is there? It really hurts that Prince Keith is bad at classics. Surely, if he got serious, he could probably skip grades in history. If he did that, and managed to skip grades or get a certificate in magic practicals, then skipping to the third year of the primary course would be possible.

Would Samuel be okay with classics in the final exams? Just as I was thinking that, a good idea suddenly came to mind. Samuel has a good ear for music. Danish is similar to classics. If he learns Danish, wouldn't his aversion to classics disappear? Let's try it! Samuel likes music, so maybe Danish songs would be good.

As for Prince Keith, even though it's fine for them to talk amongst themselves, he weirdly senses when I'm thinking about other things.

"Patience, what are you thinking about?"

Should I answer honestly? It's about classics, a subject Prince Keith is also bad at... well, I guess it's fine.

"My cousin, Samuel, is also bad at classics. I was worried that he might have a hard time with the spring semester final exams."

Just hearing the word 'classics', Prince Keith's eyebrow raises. He hates it so much that he already has a rejection reaction.

"I had heard that your cousin was also bad at classics, but are you that worried?"

I can't tell him I was acting as his tutor.

"Yes, my aunt has asked me to look after him."

Ralph and Hugo both nod.

"Because I don't think he should drop out of A-class, you see."

"My parents tell me so, too."

All three of them are now in their second year and know their grades are high, so they are relieved that they won't fall out of A-class, but in their first year, they were serious that they couldn't afford to fall.

"Since Samuel has a good ear for music, I was thinking it might be better to have him learn Danish."

None of the three of them understand what that means.

"I also intend to take Danish in the civil official course. My brother also says that one should learn foreign languages."

As usual, Prince Keith is a

brother-

lover.

"I am also learning Danish with Princess Margaret, and it is similar to classics."

The moment he heard that, Prince Keith had a rejection reaction.

"Danish classes are fun. The grammar and such are similar, but it is a language that is still used today."

He seems to have become the slightest bit interested.

"I see. That seems more rewarding than studying the language of a fallen empire."

I thought that would be the end of this topic, but for some reason, Ralph started saying something strange.

"Lady Patience, you also earned a certificate in dance, right? Isn't the fourth period on Monday free?"

It makes no sense, but flight is the best strategy.

"No, I am taking Herbalism 3 during that time."

This is the truth!

"You said you were in the herbalism greenhouse just now, so was that a lie?"

Prince Keith is such a hassle.

"The class is during the fourth period on Monday, but I told you that I am busy because I am growing antidote herbs, didn't I? I pour magic little by little into those tiny leaf buds. If I pour even a little too much, the stem will shoot up and it will be a failure, and there are many leaf buds on one antidote herb, so it is really tough. Doing the same fiddly thing dozens of times... that Witch Professor! Telling me not to use everyday magic. I could do this in a snap with everyday magic."

While I was explaining this and that, a thought suddenly flashed through my mind. In the first class, Professor Macias said, "Herbalism should surely go well with your everyday magic."

The three of them look at me in amazement as I slump down, thinking, "I've been had."

"The professors in the magic user course are often strange people. Still, even Patience makes mistakes."

Prince Keith laughs as if he's in a good mood. On top of that, he blurts out something ridiculous.

"Let's have Patience teach us, together with Samuel, who is bad at classics. You are free on Saturday and Sunday, right? Then let's make it from Saturday afternoon."

Don't decide on your own. I spend my weekends with

my younger brothers.

と過ごすんです。

"Prince Keith, aren't there better tutors in the royal palace than me?" No way! And yet, even Ralph and Hugo jump on the bandwagon.

"That's a good idea."

"Where shall we study?"

Hey, I'm refusing, aren't I! Ralph and Hugo seem to be having trouble with Prince Keith's hatred of classics. They are fully intent on pushing it onto me. I will become a woman who can say NO!

Just as I mustered my courage to flatly refuse, Princess Margaret appeared.

"Oh, Patience, I'm hungry. Call the waiter for me!"

Female students from the domestic science course are also about to take their seats at other tables. Before I could call the waiter, Prince Keith snapped his fingers, and one came flying over.

"Anything that can be made the fastest is fine." Ordering without even looking at the menu is unlike Princess Margaret.

"What happened to the cooking class?"

Princess Margaret frowns.

"I grilled fish today. But for some reason, it turned into charcoal, so the teacher actually let me off, saying it wasn't edible. Besides, no one could even handle the fish, so it was a huge commotion, and the teacher didn't even have the leeway to make soup. She told us to just go to the cafeteria."

Fish seems to be a high hurdle. But listening closely, it sounds like fillets. And it's just a matter of sprinkling salt and pepper, dusting it lightly with flour, and pan-frying it with some butter.

Princess Margaret listens to Prince Keith's story while eating.

"I think it's a good thing. I'm working hard at cooking and sewing, which I'm not good at, after all. Keith, you should work hard on your classics too. Patience, you help him out, okay?"

It seems like it's quite hard to become a woman who can say NO.
