A frantic preparation for the Aoba Festival

It took a bit of courage to show Miss Cameron the glue for hemming. After all, it was a convenient tool that eliminated the need for sewing, and I was worried she might think I just wanted to be lazy.

"You apply it like this, and then press it with an iron. Once you do that, it won't come off even if you wash it."

Miss Cameron stood with her arms crossed, thinking. She’s usually all smiles, but she had a difficult expression on her face.

"Do you think you could let me try it?"

Miss Cameron applied the stick-like glue to the hem, pressed it with an iron, and then pulled on the fabric to see if it would peel off.

"My, it really is stuck. And it doesn't seem to show on the outside either... You’ve thought of something amazing!"

I thought I was going to be scolded, but instead, I was praised. The reason she had a difficult expression was just because she was thinking so seriously.

"Of course, I believe sewing it properly is more elegant, but there are many students who aren't good at needlework, after all."

It was decided that this would also be sold at Barnes Trading, but for the Aoba Festival, I provided it as a sample. After all, the dresses won't be finished in time for the Aoba Festival.

"We must also purchase the magic tool iron. The small magic tool iron will likely be better for the finer details."

It looks like they’ll be buying the magic tool iron too. For young ladies who aren't used to ironing, it seems impossible for them to press hems with a heavy iron filled with charcoal.

Hemming became easier, but Princess Margaret and the others were chased by dress-sewing duties right up until the Aoba Festival.

As for me, since the music club’s new song for the freshmen was finished and the glee club’s accompaniment was already practiced, I was spending all my time in the Alchemy Club.

Since the freezer was built, I had been making a lot of ice cream. I used an ice cream maker sometimes, but I used life magic to save time. Specifically, the marbled pattern of strawberry jam is made more beautifully with life magic.

"This much should be enough."

The freezer is packed with six containers of ice cream. Since each container holds 2 liters, that makes enough ice cream for 40 portions. If we serve two scoops—one strawberry and one milk—per person, six containers cover 120 people.

"What if it's not enough?"

I felt a little anxious, but President Caesar laughed it off, saying, "We’re only making 100 food tickets, so once they're sold out, that's it."

It seems they intend to save 20 portions for the group to eat themselves. We want the senior maids helping us to taste-test it, too. President Caesar had the egg whites that weren't used for the ice cream delivered to my house. I'll have Eva bake meringue with them.

I cannot come to the Alchemy Club in the morning because of the music club’s presentation and the glee club’s accompaniment.

"Ice cream is rock-hard in the freezer, so you have to take it out a little while beforehand. Also, you have to practice the day before."

And this time, I’m painting the signs. Unlike before, it’s not just an exhibit in the classroom.

I painted several wooden signs that read "Bicycle, Test Ride Venue" and "Ice Cream, Tasting Event." I drew the pictures, too, but I painted almost all of them myself.

"Patience, you’re good at drawing."

I also made the test ride schedule, the reservation forms for it, and the ice cream tickets. This vibe is similar to high school or university festivals. It made me feel nostalgic.

The music club’s new song recital featured the freshmen and me in the morning. Princess Margaret is in the afternoon.

"Princess Margaret, you have to go to the Alchemy Club in the afternoon, will you be all right?"

President Albert laughed.

"Princess Margaret won't leave the auditorium anyway. Neither will I or the other members, so it'll be fine."

But Princess Margaret seems to have a different idea.

"I want to try this 'ice cream' that Patience thought of. Let's skip the drama club’s presentation in the afternoon and go eat."

President Albert, Rupert, and the other members also seem interested in the new dessert.

"I will prepare the tickets."

Just as I said that, Samuel overheard.

"I want to eat ice cream too. That was very delicious, after all."

The members' eyes turned to Samuel.

"You’ve eaten it?"

He was bombarded with questions from Daniel and the others.

"I had a taste test at the Granger house. It was cold, sweet, and incredibly delicious."

In the end, it was decided that I would prepare tickets for the music club members.

I thought of this lightly at the time, but Samuel and the others would talk to their classmates, and the other members would do the same.

"Patience, at this rate, it won't be enough."

The tickets were almost sold out. We hurriedly made four more containers' worth of ice cream. The freezer is stuffed full. We also added a few more tables and chairs.

"Well, these 80 portions will be for same-day sales. I might not have time to wash them, so let’s produce extra glass bowls and spoons."

It was a room with running water, so we planned to have the maids wash them, but it looks like they'll be busy just plating and serving. It's a pain that I can only come in the afternoon.

"After lunch, Princess Margaret will come to taste the ice cream. I would like to reserve one table, but... would that be impossible?"

President Caesar gave permission, saying, "It can't be helped."

"That’s right, maybe we should make the ice cream reservation-only. Not all seats, but let’s make a certain number of seats reserved."

There are parents there, not just upper-noble students. To avoid chaos, reserved seats are necessary.

I made a reservation schedule. I also made the reservation slips to hand out. These also filled up in the blink of an eye. Especially for students whose parents are coming, there were many who came to make reservations. I’m glad I asked the senior maids for help. It would be terrible if there were any impoliteness.

"The reservations for the bicycle test rides are also filling up quite a bit. I hope this leads to more new members..."

It’s not as deserted as last year’s Aoba Festival, but I don’t know if that will lead to them joining the Alchemy Club. However, the white lab coats are clean, so maybe we have a better impression than before?

On the day before the Aoba Festival, I have to accompany the glee club’s stage practice. Unlike last year, the music club was decided smoothly. Since I and the first-years are in the morning, the afternoon only required assigning the middle-school students. Samuel and the others' riding club match is in the afternoon.

"By the way, I wouldn't want us to come in last place in the vote."

I had completely forgotten, but starting this year, voting takes place, which determines the time allocation for the auditorium for the next year. President Albert laughs off Princess Margaret's worry.

"It's the battle for last place between the chorus club and the drama club. Why do they only choose dark programs?"

President Albert is also baffled, but it seems they are doing another dark tragedy this year. Well, it might be better than last year's harvest festival myth play. It’s a story about an aging king who is treated coldly by his kin and dies. It’s similar to "King Lear" from my previous life, but it’s a son, not a daughter. It’s more brutal, and there are many deaths.

The glee club’s stage practice was, well, a success. There is still room for improvement in acting skills, but the singing and dancing are good. The dance club dancing in the back was especially wonderful—so much so that I wanted to swap them with the lead members. Well, their singing might be bad, though.

"Well, the glee club is a formidable opponent."

Princess Margaret seems to hate it if the music club doesn't take first place. I’m fine with either. I’m not really interested in the length of the performance time. Shouldn't we compete on content? I won't say that, though. It would be a hassle.

"I'm going to the Alchemy Club."

With Princess Margaret’s permission, I headed to the Alchemy Club. Princess Margaret still has finishing touches to do on her dress. She has to do things like ironing. Yes, the dress was finished just in the nick of time. I heard some students are still sewing. Miss Cameron sure has it tough.

The senior maids of each house were gathered at the Alchemy Club. Yes, they are all beautiful. The aprons and headdresses with pretty lace are high on the "moe" point scale. It’s a real maid cafe.

"Patience, we also received these sweets from the Granger house."

It’s the meringue Eva baked. It’s in the small bags I had made beforehand. I used leftover fabric dyed pink or blue to make ribbons to attach to them, so they look cute. Appearance is important, right?

"Everyone, please have a taste."

I opened one, and everyone had a taste. When you put it in your mouth, it melts right away.

"This is delicious."

"Yes, and because it has a long shelf life, it’s good for a souvenir."

It was decided that this meringue would be sold in the ice cream area.

"Patience, can I leave the ice cream side to you?"

President Caesar, you forgot that I’m not there in the morning. The other members are obsessed with the bicycles. The No. 4 unit has two wheels in the back, making it a tricycle. We use it to carry luggage, but this time we attached a seat so people could ride. It’s like the

pedicabs

from my previous life. This is a huge hit with the members, and they don’t come to the ice cream side at all.

Indeed, boys would probably be the only ones testing the bicycles, but with a cycle cab, schoolgirls can ride in the back, too. President Caesar is happy that this might make schoolgirls join the club, but I wonder about that?

"Everyone, I cannot come in the morning. So, please learn how to give instructions and the timing for taking the ice cream out of the freezer."

I taught the senior maids how to scoop the ice cream into round shapes with an ice cream scoop and how to plate it.

"Serve the white milk and pink strawberry ice cream, then garnish with a mint leaf on top. Everyone, please plate it up and give it a try."

Senior maids aren't chosen for their beauty alone. Intelligence is also a requirement, so they plate it round and beautifully on the very first try.

"My, this is delicious."

I'm glad it was well-received. After that, I finished up by explaining the reserved seating. Are you listening, members?

"We could have club members serve as cyclo drivers. Or should we let students who want to test drive it do it?"

They're making a lot of noise, but pulling a cyclo with a passenger is actually quite physically demanding; will they be alright? Our members are on the slender side, after all... I thought, what a rude thing to think.
