Preparing for the Aoba Festival is hard work.

There is no time to admire the cherry blossoms at the academy. It is hard work preparing for the Aoba Festival for the Music Club and the Alchemy Club.

"Albert is too involved with the Glee Club."

Even Princess Margaret, who was initially looking forward to the Glee Club's performance, is so devoted that she almost wants to complain. Perhaps Albert, the club president, cannot forgive the Chorus Club for complaining to the Student Council.

The Music Club also has to hold a new song presentation. I especially want them to pay more attention to their own club, such as checking the new students' new songs. I listened to the new songs of Samuel and the other three. They are pretty good, but I feel they lack a bit of punch. I want President Albert to point that out to them.

The scheduling of the auditorium usage by the Student Council seemed to have hit a snag. In the end, it's the Glee Club for an hour and a half in the morning, and the Drama Club for two hours in the afternoon.

And the Music Club gets one 40-minute slot in the morning and two in the afternoon. Therefore, the Chorus Club gets two slots in the morning and one in the afternoon. This seems to be a rotating system each year.

The reason the Glee Club gets fewer slots is that it's a club with no track record, but it was difficult to get to this point.

"Starting this year, it will be a voting system. One voting ticket will be distributed to each student, and one will also be distributed to parents who have reserved to come to visit. The number of votes obtained will be reflected in the performance time for next year!"

Furthermore, it definitely doesn't seem like Student Council President Rufus came up with this new plan. It was likely President Albert and President Marks who thought of harassing the Chorus Club. The Chorus Club's recitals haven't been popular for a long time.

"Albert needs to watch his step; if the Music Club ends up in last place, it will be a disgrace."

Princess Margaret and I sighed together.

"The Chorus Club has many female students, so they will likely ask the male students. I am worried that President Albert doesn't seem to be considering that. It's not as if votes are cast based on ability alone."

The Glee Club's musical is quite good. The dancing and acting still need work, but it's interesting even watching them practice. There are no televisions or movies in this other world, you see. There is little entertainment. Even a happy ending that might seem cliché is fine in a musical format.

"That's right. Not all students have an understanding of music. The first-years' new songs need some revisions."

I nodded, agreeing with her. As for musical sense, I should just leave it to Princess Margaret. The compositions are serious, but they feel stiff because they aren't used to it.

Among them, Samuel's is still the best. He has good sense. Surprisingly, Daniel's is stiff and feels old-fashioned. Klaus's is like a weed that looks like it will become a flower garden. Baldish's seems like it would be good if it were arranged.

On Tuesdays and Thursdays, I am busy guiding the juniors in the Music Club. I wish President Albert would do the same, but he just stays at the Glee Club.

I'm troubled even when I get praised with something like, "It'll be fine as long as Princess Margaret and Patience are here."

Princess Margaret is training the first-years quite strictly in the Music Club, and I am helping out with the arrangements bit by bit. Well, we probably won't end up in last place in the voting. Probably!

The problem is the Alchemy Club. There are many works to present. A washing machine, a hair iron, an iron... these are presentations typical of the Alchemy Club. I think people will understand their convenience if they use them, but I don't think they will attract many people.

"Let's have them ride bicycles!"

President Caesar is enthusiastic and has made not only Unit 2 but also Unit 3. Through repeated modifications, they are gradually becoming easier to ride. All the Alchemy Club members are now able to ride them.

I think this will be able to attract people. Boys like mechanical things, after all.

The problem is the ice cream. I have to be at the auditorium in the morning because of the Music Club's performance and the Glee Club's accompaniment.

"We must make plenty of ice cream makers, or build a freezer to store the ice cream."

That's a problem too, and while I am there for the trial production, it is a big issue whether the other members can make the ice cream.

"We must try a test run once. And the way of serving as well... it seems impossible, doesn't it?"

I cannot imagine these members serving ice cream. In my previous life, there were butler cafes and the like, but here, everyone is on the side of being served.

"Yeah, let's ask the senior maids at home for serving. Benjamin, Arthur, and Bryce, ask your maids too."

I don't know if President Caesar doesn't ask me because he knows I only have one maid at home, or because I caused Mary trouble before.

"Anyway, I must try this ice cream maker. Patience, write down the amounts of eggs, milk, and sugar. Oh right, I also need bowls and spoons."

As for the bowls, the Alchemy Club has glass material, so we decided to make them. It's better if they match. As for the spoons, since it would be a big deal if the ones at home were lost, we'll make them out of copper, which has good thermal conductivity. We'll make tons of these too. Oh, I also have to make a tool to scoop the ice cream.

"It would be better to make trial ride tickets for the bicycles. You should hand out numbered tickets based on time. Couldn't you have people eat ice cream while they wait for that?"

I'll have them make the classroom facing the garden the location for the presentation, if possible. A corner room that provides easy access to the garden would be best. I plan to hold the bicycle trial rides and ice cream sales in the garden. I intend to partition the classroom in half, using one side for the presentation of the washing machine and the other as a room for serving the ice cream.

I quickly draw sketches, recalling the school festivals of universities and high schools.

"Patience, you're good at drawing," Bryce complimented me. It's because I've been training through my side jobs, you see.

"The desks and chairs in the classroom are boring. If we had garden tables and garden chairs like this, it would look elegant even if placed in the garden."

I quickly sketch a garden table and chairs. I wonder if there are any at home? I had a hidden motive, hoping they might bring them.

"Is this made of iron?"

President Caesar is tilting his head while looking at the sketch.

"Yes, it is. I've painted it, though... it's a garden table and chair, so it's fine even if it gets wet in the rain."

"It seems useful for summer barbecues."

Benjamin is also looking at the sketch and is impressed. Aren't there any?

"Alright, let's make these too! They'll definitely sell."

Somehow, there are so many things to make. Right now, it seems there's no room to research water-repellent cloaks.

The trial run of the ice cream maker on Friday was a great success. However, the problem seems to be getting bigger.

"This is the first time I've had such a delicious dessert!"

"With this, we can attract people."

Arthur and Bryce haven't eaten it yet, after all. They are very excited.

"Well, that's fine, but the problem is how much ice cream to make. Since we were given a classroom facing the courtyard, I plan to use half for the bicycles and place the garden tables and chairs in the rest... but I might need numbered tickets for this too."

It was decided to make a lot of ice cream in advance and store it in a freezer. In other words, we ended up having to build a freezer too. I thought about the freezing magic circle when I made the ice cream maker. I should be able to just build a box and attach a freezing magic circle and a wind magic circle, but it doesn't go that smoothly.

"Leave the freezer to us. Patience, I want you to actually try various amounts for the recipe. The strawberry ice cream from before was also good."

I was handed piles of eggs, milk, heavy cream, and sugar. Eggs should be fine at room temperature for about a night, but milk and heavy cream are a problem.

"I want a small refrigerator!"

"Hey, don't say such unreasonable things," Benjamin barked, but he made a small box that blew cold air.

"Benjamin, you're amazing! If it's not a box, then it's an air cooler!"

It seems I said something unnecessary. After that, he became obsessed with making an air cooler.

I have to take the ice cream maker, the refrigerator containing the milk, heavy cream, and eggs, and the large bag of sugar back to the dormitory.

"Patience, I'll carry it."

Bryce is indeed kind. Besides, this time Arthur also helped me. President Caesar and Benjamin are obsessed with making the air cooler.

After returning to the dormitory, I make a to-do list. I'm so busy that I feel like I'll forget everything if I don't do this.

Dress for the Aoba Festival. Finished ○

Make hair accessories. I'll make them with navy fabric ×

Buy new shoes. ×

Compose a new song. ○

Check the first-years' new songs. A little more to go △

Glee Club accompaniment. ○

Ice cream maker. ○

Bowls and spoons. ×

Ice cream recipe. I'll measure the amounts △

Garden table and chairs. ×

This weekend, I'll complete the ice cream recipe and make the hair accessories. And I have to buy shoes.
