This is the last Saturday study session!

I was in the greenhouse taking care of the advanced medicinal herbs and antidotes, and as I was warming my chilled body in front of the fireplace, Mary arrived. Today is the same as usual.

"My Lady, a letter has arrived from the Countess of Northcourt."

Eh, again? Isn't it fine to do the same as last time! Eva is already teaching the Northcourt family's chef how to make pancakes, so isn't that good enough?

I want to spend as much time as possible with my younger brothers, so I read the letter in the carriage.

"A lunch invitation is a pass. Ugh, sweets other than pancakes? What a hassle. Maybe cookies? Prince Keith liked those and kept popping them into his mouth."

It seems I have to send Eva again. Wait, if it's cookies or pound cake, it'll be fine even if they get cold. Maybe I should just get the ingredients and make them at home to bring over?

Thinking this, I wrote in my reply that I would be eating lunch at home and had Mary take it. In the meantime, I’ll spend time with Nashius and Henry.

"My Lady, here is the reply."

Ah, this atmosphere tells me that didn't go over well. As I thought, the Countess seems to want me to eat lunch with her and wait. Also, she says I have to come because she wants Eva to teach the Northcourt chef. Good grief.

Riding in the Northcourt family’s carriage with Mary, I felt like I was being taken to the slaughter. I’m making this the last study session! I am going to be a woman who can say NO.

The study session went smoothly. Prince Keith’s aversion to the classics has lessened, and he studied quite seriously this past week. At this rate, he could probably skip a grade. Samuel also studied quite a bit. Even if he can't skip a grade, the classics won't be holding him back anymore. He should be able to keep his A-class status easily.

"Prince Keith, Samuel, that should be enough for the classics."

With this, the original goal has been achieved. The rest is Prince Keith’s history and Samuel’s mathematics. Hehehe, I have no intention of continuing this kind of study session forever. I’ll show them my true power!

"Prince Keith, for history, please study with Lord Hugo from now on. If you memorize this, you will receive a certificate of completion."

I handed them cards with historical events written on the front, and the years and details on the back.

"Do I have to memorize all of this?"

I gave them several large versions of the flashcards I used in my previous life. Instead of metal rings, I punched holes and tied them together with string.

"Yes, if you cooperate with Lord Hugo and study in a quiz format, it will progress quickly. Now, please give it a try."

I’ll be strict! Besides, I’ll have Ralph, who looks bored, help Samuel with his math studies. I’d like to spend my time elegantly reading, but I have to read law textbooks. I want them to learn their lesson so this study session disappears. So, I won’t be lenient.

"Prince Keith, Lord Hugo. Have you finished the first set? If so, I will give you a test."

I took the flashcards from Hugo and made them compete against each other by asking questions. Hmm, they’ve memorized quite a lot.

"I’ll mark the cards with the numbers you got wrong. For the second round, you only need to memorize the marked cards."

The two of them were making a fuss about it being impossible, but if I don't make them do this, they’ll have wasted the precious time I could have spent with my brothers. I had Ralph take over the role of quizmaster for these two, and I turned to Samuel’s math. Hmm, he’s getting confused with the multiplication and division of fractions. I didn't understand why you flip the numerator and denominator in division either.

I explained to Samuel multiple times that division turns into a fraction. Then I made him do it. While repeating this, Samuel finally realized, "Ah, I see!"

"The rest should be doable if you just solve many problems!"

Yay! With this, I can bid farewell to the study sessions. Just as I was rejoicing, I heard a modest knock.

"My Lady, the Countess of Northcourt says it is time for tea."

She must have had Mary come to call me out of consideration for Prince Keith. Well, since the schedule is finished, that’s fine.

I had tea in the reception room with the exhausted-looking group. Today’s treats were pound cake with tea leaves mixed in and cookies topped with strawberry jam. I enjoyed my tea feeling refreshed.

"Patience, please hold back a little."

Prince Keith, it seems you have enough energy to complain about the pound cake and cookies now. Ralph and Hugo have also recovered. Young people are energetic, aren't they?

"Since this is the final study session of the day, I have done everything I possibly could."

Never again! I’ll make that clear. Samuel seems to have had his head taken over by fractions. Do your best!

Prince Keith seems to want to protest the 'final study session,' but I’ve had enough. As for Samuel, well, I suppose I can't help it. I have a soft spot for shotas, and he is my cousin, after all. Besides, he gets along well with my brothers.

I somehow sent Prince Keith and his friends off, and the study session ended. It seems Samuel also noticed that I was trying to avoid the study sessions with Prince Keith.

"Patience, if there is anything I don't understand again, I’d like you to teach me..."

Hmm, that is fine.

"Yes, I will teach you when you come over to the mansion to play."

Samuel smiles brightly. Hmm, this once-twisted boy is becoming quite honest now.

"Then, I shall teach you how to ride a horse, Patience!"

I will decline that.

"I will be out tomorrow. I am visiting the mansion of a senior at the academy."

I’ll tell Samuel just in case. I don’t want it to be assumed that I ran away from riding practice.

Before getting into the carriage, Aunt Liliana quietly handed me an envelope.

"Patience, thank you for teaching Samuel. This is just a small token of my gratitude."

Based on the thinness, I believe it’s a check. I’m happy! I want to use it for Nashius’s academy preparations. Using hand-me-downs for the uniform is fine, but I want him to wear new underwear and shirts. I heard that men’s shirts cannot be made with the fabric I got from Aunt Charlotte. I heard it needs to be a sturdier fabric, so I was thinking I had to buy some.

Female student uniforms also have summer and winter versions, for what it’s worth. The design is the same, but the fabric is thinner. The male students' are even more obvious. You can clearly tell the difference in the fabric of the jackets. The jackets of the upper-nobility students look warm. It’s like the cashmere-like fabric from my previous life. Also, the shirts inside are different in fabric between summer and winter.

"I’ll give this to Wyatt and have him buy the fabric for Nashius’s shirts!"

I talked to Mary excitedly in the carriage.

"That is fine, but please use some for yourself too. Like for ribbons or hair ornaments."

Ah, that’s a good opportunity.

"You’re right. I was thinking I wanted one hair ornament as well. I’d like to stop by a shop tomorrow on my way back from the senior's house."

Hmm, that should be fine, right? Wait, Mary is staring intently. It’s scary... what is it?

"My Lady, when was that visit to the senior's house decided? Have you received permission from your father, the Viscount? And who is this person?"

Ah, I was too busy and didn't tell Mary or my father.

"I will get permission from Father after I return home. I have been invited to the mansion of Lord Caesar Barnes, a senior in the alchemy club."

Mary folded her fingers and asked with great intensity, "Are you visiting the Duke of Barnes's house?"

"Yes... Ah, Mary, don't misunderstand. This visit is about the matter of having the Barnes firm sell our hot water bottles. I told Wyatt, but I may have forgotten to tell Father."

Hearing that it was about the hot water bottle, Mary’s tension relaxed. Did she think it was a marriage proposal? That’s impossible, right?

I returned to the mansion and went to Father’s study. I had only told Wyatt and forgotten to tell Father. I knocked, waited for a reply, and entered.

"Father, I have been invited to the Duke of Barnes's house tomorrow regarding the hot water bottle."

Father put down his book and smiled.

"Hot water bottles are a good tool. I heard from Wyatt that you intend to introduce them to the public. Do your best."

It seems the word had reached him through Wyatt. However, I will make sure not to forget next time.
