Is the antidotal herb finicky?

Next in Herbology is Benjamin and the greenhouse.

“Whoa, is this withered?”

Yeah, it’s beyond just looking unhealthy.

“It’s because you’re lazy about watering it. My, once it reaches this point, there’s no hope. Pull it out quickly and mix in some fertilizer!”

Not just Benjamin’s, but Bryce’s and Andrew’s low-level herbs are also hopeless. But the low-level herbs in the other rows are looking unhealthy too.

“Patience, do you need high-level herb seeds too? You’ll be able to harvest the low-level herb seeds from over there soon.”

At Professor Macias’s words, envious gazes gather from all over the greenhouse. That’s right, the high-level herbs in my row are growing lush and thick. Besides, the low-level herbs I left to collect seeds from are covered in small yellow flowers. They look just like ragweed from my previous life.

“Yes, I would like the high-level herb seeds as well.”

I leave two plants and pull out the rest of the high-level herbs. High-level herbs have prickly leaves, like thistles.

“These are also marketable. You should become an apothecary. You’ve passed Herbology 2 with this. Do you want to take Herbology 3 as it is?”

I might be able to become a low-level apothecary! Of course, I’ll take Herbology 3.

“Yes, please.”

Professor Macias laughs, “He-he-he.”

“You’re ambitious, aren’t you? But for the academic portion, you have to take the tests for Herbology 1, Herbology 2, and Herbology 3. Well, you’d better read your textbook carefully.”

Ah, I had forgotten about the lectures starting in May. Then, I mix in more fertilizer and this time plant the antidotal herbs.

“Antidotal herbs are finicky. But the antidote made from them is effective against diarrhea and weak poisons, so it sells well. However, if you buy them from adventurers to make it, your profit will be small. If you can cultivate them to this point, you can become a low-level apothecary.”

The antidotal herb seeds wrapped in paper were really small and thin. They looked like they would fly away if the wind were strong.

“You have to wrap these in soil one by one before planting. Well, it doesn’t matter if it ends up being two seeds. You must thoroughly purify the water you mix with that soil, too.”

I put some soil into a beaker outside, chant “Become pure,” and mix in the purified water little by little.

“Don’t make it too mushy. You have to wrap the seeds, you know.”

It’s like making small mud dumplings. I used to make them a lot when I was a child. I first made 20 small mud dumplings. Then, I washed my hands once. Then, I embedded the small seeds into the little mud dumplings. I thought that if I tried to make the mud dumplings while holding the tiny seeds, they would go missing. Besides, from the second one on, my hands would be all muddy, making it hard to pick up the tiny seeds.

“Patience, you’re quite clever. Now, go ahead and plant them.”

At both ends of the row, two low-level herbs with flowers and two high-level herbs remain. I plant them in between.

“After you plant them, water them. With purified water, of course. Now, this is where it gets difficult. They love magic power. You could almost say they grow solely on magic power, but that said, if you give them too much, the stems will stretch out too thin, the leaves will turn red, and they won’t bloom. That would be a failure. This antidotal herb requires green leaves and flowers.”

That’s difficult. It loves magic power, yet you can’t give it too much.

“Professor Macias, then will it not grow with just magic-infused purified water?”

Professor Macias clicks his tongue.

“It’s better to fail once. Don’t teach the others. You shouldn’t cast life magic on the antidotal herb itself. You just need to infuse the magic power into the water.”

Yeah, she’s a nasty old witch. It likes magic power, but if you pour it directly into the antidotal herb, it grows too big and the leaves turn red. However, it seems fine to pour plenty of magic into the water first.

Herbology seems manageable. I’m so happy! If I pass Pharmacology 3 and then the low-level apothecary exam, won’t I have no trouble earning a living? I wonder if I’ll be a mid-level apothecary if I study pharmacology at Romano University? I’ll have to check on that!

What kind of “counting chickens before they hatch” was I doing? I had underestimated Professor Macias’s dark heart.

On Tuesday morning, I woke up before Princess Margaret and came to the greenhouse, and the stems had shot up. But, are they still too short?

“Is this a failure? Or are the leaves going to come out from here?”

I have nothing but bad feelings. But I have no choice but to continue like this for a week.

“Did I pour too much magic into the water?”

Yesterday, I watered them with water that had plenty of magic infused. As a result, the stems grew too much. If so, let’s try watering them today with water infused with only a little magic.

From then on, I was pushed around by the antidotal herbs. If I didn’t infuse much magic into the water, they would go limp.

I was scolded by Princess Margaret for being absent-minded at the music club. Oh, I also forgot to ask about the club fees.

“Princess Margaret, regarding the music club fees...”

Princess Margaret looks blank.

“Club fees? What are those?”

Eh, she doesn’t know? Or are club fees not collected?

“I haven’t known about things like club fees until now. Lord Russell said that since the number of members in the horseback riding club has decreased, the budget is likely to drop, so club fees have to be raised, which made me worry about how the music club is doing. If you are paying for them for me, that would be a bother...”

Princess Margaret raised her eyebrows slightly when I mentioned “bother.”

“Patience, since you are my attendant, if music club fees are necessary, I will pay them. That is a matter of course. And the price for the

Upper-level Dining Hall

as well.”

It seems the music club does not collect club fees.

“The alchemy club seems to get its operating funds from donations by seniors, but what does the music club do?”

Everything there—the elegant chairs, the instruments—looks expensive.

“The instruments are either ones that have been there for a long time, or things club members brought themselves, which is sufficient. I believe the equipment was left behind by previous members. I also intend to donate the chairs in this room and so on when I graduate.”

You can’t join the music club without a recommendation. In other words, only upper-nobility students are there. There is no need for club fees.

“What happens when instruments need to be transported during the Blue Leaf Festival or the Harvest Festival?”

Menial workers at the academy or the like used to carry them, but I don’t know if they help the music club for free.

“Well, I’m sure the president gives them tips.”

If it were President Melissa or President Albert, they wouldn’t worry about tips. And it seems unlikely Princess Margaret would worry once she becomes president. In other words, I am the only poor person in the music club. Samuel also seems to be rich. I don’t even want to think about it anymore.

Wednesday’s third period is Pharmacology 3. Today, I’m making an antidote with those difficult antidotal herbs. Benjamin and Bryce are still struggling with low-level recovery potions. It seems they won’t pass unless they wash them more carefully and so on.

“Patience, are the antidotal herbs coming along well?”

Being laughed at with a “he-he-he,” I feel annoyed. I’ve researched the antidotal herbs a lot in the library since then.

“Professor Macias, the herb guide said that you shouldn’t give magic power to antidotal herbs. And that you shouldn’t give them too much fertilizer either.”

I had mixed in fertilizer after pulling out the high-level herbs.

“You finally did some research, did you? Have you forgotten what I said? It’s better to fail once. If you’ve researched it, give it a try. But now, it’s pharmacology class time. Here, you need to grow them so they have thick, lush leaves like this. We’ll be using the flowers, too.”

They are completely different from the antidotal herbs in my row. I take an antidotal herb that has a slightly peculiar smell, like the chameleon plant from my previous life, in my hand.

“Wash this thoroughly and chop only the leaves finely. Keep the flowers separate.”

I suspect that this is also a lie, but the textbook also says to chop them. As expected, it doesn’t say to chop only the leaves. It makes you think you might chop the flowers, too, right?

“That fine should be good enough. Boil it in purified water. When it’s reduced by about half, add the flowers and take it off the heat. Don’t forget to keep infusing magic power during that whole time.”

Since I was lied to about the cultivation of the antidotal herb, I make the antidote while reading the textbook. The textbook didn’t say to add the flowers later. However, since this textbook was unhelpful from the beginning, I make it according to Professor Macias’s instructions for the time being.

“Yes, you’ve done it well. You passed Pharmacology 3, too. I suppose I’ll have to give you the certificate of completion.”

Professor Macias smiles as she takes the antidote I put into a bottle.

“Why were you told that antidotal herbs grow with magic power?”

Professor Macias laughs, “He-he-he.”

“It is true that antidotal herbs can be grown with magic power. It’s extremely difficult, though. If you give them even a little too much, the stems grow too much. Well, growing them with just purified water is the norm. I just thought you might be able to adjust your magic power to grow them.”

I don’t understand. It’s easier to grow them with just purified water. Besides, the guide also said not to give them magic power.

“Is there any difference in antidotal herbs grown with magic power?”

Professor Macias just laughs “he-he-he” and doesn’t answer. But it feels like there is something to it. Is that also a lie?

This time, I'm checking a specialized textbook on herbalism instead of an illustrated reference book. No matter how many volumes I read, it says not to infuse them with magical power.

「I suppose growing them in purified water is the right answer after all.」

I almost gave up, but something is bothering me. I'll investigate it thoroughly!

「Ah, the way to grow antidote herbs here is... if you infuse magical power only into the leaf buds, the leaves will grow thick, green on the front and purple on the back. If you carefully infuse magical power only into the leaf buds, you can grow highly effective antidote herbs.」

I head to the greenhouse and find the leaf buds of the antidote herbs. I infuse magical power only into the tiny buds that are about to turn from stems into leaves. I really have to be careful and patient. It also takes a lot of time.

「Antidote herbs are really temperamental!」

I felt like screaming, "Grrr!"
