Summer Vacation Plans

Once the Aoba Festival is over, it’s time for final exams. I’m studying intensely to earn my certificates in administration and law. There’s so much to memorize—it’s exhausting.

Besides that, I have reports for business administration and economics to finish. And for some reason, our group was assigned to represent the Kingdom of Cordoba in diplomacy class, which makes researching it a real pain. I suppose they gave us the harder side because we have high achievers like Phillips and Russell in our group.

I attended a lecture or two for herbalism once May started, but they really just had the students read the textbook. So, I spent a lot of time at the library researching the herbs mentioned in the text. As I suspected, this textbook wasn’t very helpful—it left out the important stuff. I looked up things like which herbs have synergistic effects when combined, and which ones absolutely must not be mixed. Having to take the tests for Herbalism 1, 2, and 3 is tough. In regular subjects, you get the certificate if you pass level 3, but this is different. Professor Machias is mean, after all.

Princess Margaret is also studying intensely to earn her certificates in language and magic. She drew seriously for art, so she managed to get that certificate. It seems she intends to earn her history and literature certificates in the autumn semester. She is also working hard at memorizing material to earn a certificate in childcare. That one seems easy enough.

She says she’ll increase her sewing time from the start of the autumn semester. She needs to sew the linings too, so she wants to avoid the last-minute rush like this time. After all, her dress ended up being simple, without the frills and lace ornaments she’d actually planned to add. As a fashionable princess, she must have been disappointed.

Oh, the auditorium voting ended with the Music Club in first place by a narrow margin. The Glee Club was second. Quite a bit lower in third place was the Drama Club. And in dead last by a landslide was the Chorus Club.

"The students who knew that the Glee Club’s songs were provided by the Music Club must have voted for them," she said.

Princess Margaret is in a good mood because we took first place. Even so, the downfall of the Chorus Club is quite dramatic. Most of the freshmen seem to have joined the Glee Club; the momentum is just different. I’ve decided to avoid Louise. I don’t want to be picked on.

The Music Club and the Alchemy Club are basically on hiatus until the final exams. I wonder if Samuel is okay? I’m a little worried, but he’ll ask if there’s anything he doesn't understand on the weekend, right? I don’t think his grades are low enough to drop to Class B.

I managed to finish my business administration report. I wrote it about launching a project that uses the greenhouse to sell vegetables via futures contracts. It’s quite similar to actual practice. I asked Eva about the prices of the vegetables.

The economics report was an extension of that. I investigated which vegetables sell for higher prices and presented the changes in vegetable prices in a graph. Eva helped a lot with this, too. She has written down wholesale prices in her notebook for over a dozen years, so I was allowed to use that as a reference.

That was when I noticed that food prices had spiked around the time I was reincarnated. The winter was truly harsh, and there were reports of people freezing or starving to death in the north. I will work hard to stockpile food so that we never go hungry again.

Also, the roses are in full bloom in May. In other words, I cut various roses—white roses with pink edges, yellow roses with red centers, purple roses, and so on—with scissors, brought them home, and planted them in the home greenhouse. I moved some of the original pink and red roses to the garden. These are hardy varieties that survived even with minimal care, so they should bloom brilliantly in the outdoor garden, too.

Winter roses turned out to be more profitable than I had imagined, so I’m going to plant roses in half of the greenhouse. It was just as Patience said at the beginning: "Roses are lovely." But we were starving back then, so I prioritized food.

Now, I’m planting summer vegetables. In the winter, it will be leafy greens, herbs, and strawberries.

I don’t know what will happen during summer vacation. I might be invited to the summer palace like last year. If possible, I want to spend it lazily at home with my younger brothers. There are many vegetables I want to grow in the back garden, and I want to think about the Magius cloak research and the mechanics of the sewing machine. Plus, I want to finish my embroidery painting. The Viscount Satisford family has been sending me an equestrian instructor three times a week, after all. I’ve been stitching whenever I can find a spare moment, but I’ve only finished about half. Even using life magic, there’s so much detailed color changing that it’s hard.

I showed my face at the Music Club and the Alchemy Club about once a week, but May ended with me buried in study. The final exams went okay.

I submitted my reports for business administration and economics, and the diplomacy class ended with the Kingdom of Cordoba’s victory, leaving a subtle atmosphere. The teacher said he would divide the groups from now on, so Phillips and Russell will definitely be separated. After all, they thoroughly refuted the Kingdom of Lawrence side and won by a landslide.

Even when the time came for the final exam results to be announced, my summer vacation plans had not been made.

"It seems like Brother Richard is going abroad. So, Mother looks busy, too," she said.

The Romano University also has a summer vacation, so they probably intend to send Prince Richard, the next king, abroad to study during that time. Must be nice—traveling abroad is something the poor Granger family has no connection to. Just as I was thinking such carefree thoughts, I was summoned to the royal palace.

"They’re surely going to tell me that Patience should go to the summer palace with us," I thought.

That’s probably it. I stifled a sigh, realizing that summer vacation with my brothers would likely be short again this year.

"Margaret, Jane has turned ten this year, so you must lead by example and guide her," the Queen said.

Oh, Princess Jane has turned ten, has she? In other words, she’s past the nursery stage and will be eating meals with us.

"Patience, you must be tired from being Margaret’s lady-in-waiting. Spend the summer vacation relaxing," she continued.

This means I don’t have to go to the summer palace, right? Princess Margaret looks like she wants to complain, but she falls silent under Queen Victoria’s gaze. I listen to the conversation with an expressionless face, trying not to look too happy.

"I feel Margaret relies too much on Patience. Wake up on your own during summer vacation," the Queen instructed.

Wow, that sounds rough.

"You are having your social debut next autumn. You must become more self-aware," she added.

I see, a social debut means joining the ranks of adults. Will she move out of the dorms? She might not need a lady-in-waiting anymore, either. I was thinking such casual thoughts.

"Patience will also be thirteen next year. You are to have your social debut along with Margaret," the Queen said.

Eh? Isn’t that impossible? My family is poor. I know that Catherine and the others were making noise in class about their debuts this autumn. Fourteen is on the early side for a debut, and the girls in the class were envious of them.

From what I’ve heard from various rumors, some people debut at twelve, but in those cases, it usually means their engagement is already decided and it’s more for the purpose of announcing it. I heard that you match your partner’s social debut, but in reality, you don’t attend parties.

"Well, it will be fun if I’m with Patience," she said.

Princess Margaret is happy, but I’d rather do alchemy or side jobs than go to parties.

"Patience, don’t worry, we will take care of your social debut preparations," she assured me.

It seems they’ll prepare the dresses and such. But I’m still not feeling it. Besides, my father is currently suspended, so is it really okay for his daughter to be prancing around in high society? I tried hard not to let it show, but I must have looked anxious. The Queen smiled and continued.

"Viscount Granger has had a hard time, but I think good news will come in the autumn," she said.

Eh? Does that mean he’ll be able to get a job? I shouldn’t get my hopes up too high! Even thinking that, I still do.

"Margaret, earn as many certificates as you can by next autumn. Parties are basically only attended on weekends, but there are exceptions to everything, you know. Patience, I don’t need to tell you that your credits will be fine," she said.

My weekends with my brothers will be ruined by parties?

"Since we will prioritize your studies at the Royal Academy, you will attend a few parties during the social season from autumn to winter, but it won’t be that many," she explained.

The Queen probably wouldn’t let Princess Margaret attend trivial parties.

"Study with Jane during summer vacation," she commanded.

If I study literature and history intensively, I might be able to earn the certificates in the autumn semester. I only needed a little more for practical magic, but I couldn’t get the certificate this semester.

"It’s easier to understand when I study with Patience. Keith was also able to understand classical literature after Patience taught him," she said.

Oh, if you say things like that... Ah, the Queen’s smile deepened. Scary!

"Until you change that dependent way of thinking, let your tutor guide you strictly," the Queen said.

It looks like it’s going to be a harsh summer vacation. Well, but I think I’ll still be able to swim in the sea, ride horses, and play the Hanon. Good luck, Princess Margaret.
