Barnes Duchy

I spend Sunday mornings with my younger brothers. I won't let anyone disturb us! We do art, music, and dance lessons, and after that, it's playtime. We jump rope in the garden and race on stilts. Yeah, I got crushed.

"Now, let's go pick strawberries in the greenhouse."

We pick some to eat at home, but we're also picking some as a souvenir for the Barnes Duchy. I picked some yesterday too, but since I’ve been using life magic to give them a boost since then, red strawberries are peeking out from under the leaves.

"Are you going somewhere again today, Sister?"

I waver at Nassius's lonely eyes. But I need to get them to sell the hot water bottles. Some of it is to make money, but I want people who are suffering in the cold to sleep warmly. It’s truly miserable to wake up in the middle of the night because it’s cold.

"Yes, I’m going to have a discussion to get them to sell the hot water bottles that you and Henry use."

Henry was also looking downcast, but he cheered up when he heard what I had to say.

"Hot water bottles are great because they're warm!"

Nassius looks happy, too.

"If hot water bottles go on sale, it will help people who can't sleep because of the cold. Good luck, Sister."

Yeah, I'll do my best!

At lunch, something rare

egg dish

appeared. My father is also surprised. After I went to the royal palace, they appeared rarely, but I haven't been in two weeks, so that's why.

"Eva received these from the Countess of Northcourt as a thank you for going to make refreshments for the study session."

Told by Mary, I nod in understanding.

"It's delicious." Henry's smile wiped away the fatigue of the two study sessions. He's a total angel!

I thought that when lunch was over, I would just have to wait for Chief Caesar to come pick me up, but I was caught by Mary and made to change into going-out clothes. Even though I thought a uniform would be fine since I’m heading to the dorms after I get back. It's no good, though. My hair is also done up more elaborately than usual. It’s still a half-up style, but it’s braided.

When I was ready, Chief Caesar came to pick me up. Chief Caesar, not in his uniform, is every bit the young master of a ducal house. He greets my father and gets permission to invite me to his mansion. And finally, I get into the carriage with Mary, my maid, in tow. What a hassle.

"Patience, you look like a normal young lady when you're dressed like that."

Stop it. Mary seems worried about what I’m doing at the academy.

"Lord Caesar, you also look like a proper young noble."

We both snorted with laughter.

"Oh, the threader you gave me, our housekeeper was praising it highly. Father was surprised when he heard about it, too. Apparently, he wants to sell that as well."

Yes! The threader is really convenient.

"And Benjamin pushed his way in from the morning, saying he wanted to eat ice cream. It's fine since he comes over often, but he ended up telling Father something he shouldn't have, which caused some trouble."

It seems Benjamin and Caesar have had a family connection for a long time. It must be a high-society association.

"What kind of trouble?"

"It's about the bicycle. Even though it's not finished yet, Father is incredibly interested in it. At this rate, it looks like it's going to be confiscated. Patience, you have to defend it at all costs."

Caesar’s father seems like a pushy person. I’m weak when it comes to being pressured, so this is troublesome.

"So Lord Caesar’s father is interested in tools that don’t use magic stones."

He said as much when we talked about the hot water bottles.

"Yeah, he said it's because there are few commoners who can afford magic stones."

That's right! The Granger family couldn't afford magic stones a year ago, either. While we were talking about that, we arrived at the Barnes Duchy. Yeah, it’s a big, magnificent mansion.

I’m meeting the Duke of Barnes, who has a reputation for being an able businessman. I’m getting a little nervous.

I get out of the carriage, escorted by Chief Caesar. Hey, he can act like a gentleman, can’t he? I'm impressed.

The butler opens the door and lets us in.

"Hey, Patience!"

Benjamin, you’re so carefree even though you let it slip. But it made me feel at ease. Mary was led to another room. I really wonder if a maid's escort is necessary?

The three of us enter the reception room. Oh, if you aged Chief Caesar, would he look like this cool, dapper older gentleman? He’s a silver-haired gentleman. Well, I’m a shotacon, so he’s out of my range, though.

"Father, this is Patience Granger."

Chief Caesar really does look like a high-ranking aristocrat when he’s at home.

"Miss Patience, thank you for coming. I am Alois Barnes. Now, please have a seat."

He’s a surprisingly easy person to talk to. It’s no wonder he established a trading company. His manner is gentle, but his eyes feel like they are looking right through the person in front of him.

A beautiful high-ranking maid from the Barnes household serves us tea. Yeah, I had heard that rich houses have beautiful head maids to entertain guests, but this is my first time seeing one.

As expected, even though the Duke of Barnes runs a trading company, he is still a high-ranking aristocrat. We didn’t immediately talk about the hot water bottles. While drinking tea, we talked for a while about the Royal Academy and the Alchemy Club.

"Benjamin is my nephew, but he seems to spend more time at my house than he does at the Priest Marquis household."

Benjamin puffs up.

"I want you to tell my father and mother, Uncle. They keep nagging at me for taking the Magic User course. They are noisy every day, telling me to take the Civil Official course or the Knight course, even now!"

Huh, so Benjamin is from a Marquis family. I see, I kind of thought he was a high-ranking aristocrat based on the attitudes of the other students, but that makes sense.

"You should do that yourself. Now, Miss Patience, regarding the hot water bottle and the threader that Caesar passed to me the other day, I would like to produce and sell them at the Barnes Trading Company."

The conversation shifted suddenly from family small talk to business. Yeah, I have to switch gears too!

"Yes, I have heard from Lord Caesar. Please do."

Caesar is stunned, asking, "Is it really okay to answer so quickly?"

"Miss Patience, you clearly understand business. I will respond to trust with trust. I have the contract ready here, but please take it home, consult with your family, and then sign it."

Yeah, Patience is only 11 years old, after all. I’ll consult with my father and Wyatt. But, I’ll take a quick look at the documents.

"Is there any problem? Or if you have any requests, I’ll hear them."

I trust the Duke of Barnes, but there is one thing I want to say.

"No, I just want you to sell the hot water bottles and threaders as cheaply as possible. I made them because I want to popularize hot water bottles among people who cannot afford enough firewood because the winters in the Kingdom of Lawrence are cold. Also, threaders will be a help to elderly women who can no longer do needlework as a side job."

The Duke of Barnes promised that he would do so.

"Patience, if you sell them for more, your share will be bigger too, you know."

Benjamin just doesn't get it!

"Benjamin, you should take the Civil Official course and study a little. If you have time to spend hanging out in the Alchemy Club with Caesar, you should at least be able to take the Civil Official course."

Oh, he got scolded by the Duke of Barnes. Chief Caesar seemed to understand the meaning, so maybe it’s safe?

"If it's Patience, it seems like she would invent products that sell like crazy."

That's right! Because I intend to take a good amount from the wealthy. I smile brightly. It seems my meaning got through to the Duke of Barnes as well.

"Is that regarding the tool called a bicycle?"

Ah, that’s just Benjamin’s loose lips for you.

"It still needs a lot of improvement."

Oh, I can feel the pressure from the Duke of Barnes, but I won’t give in. If I sold it as it is now, it would be a huge defective product. I smile and deflect.

"Oh, that's right! I was supposed to have Patience make that ice cream you make for the Green Leaf Festival."

Chief Caesar is also good at changing the subject.

"Yes, ice cream is originally a dessert for the hot summer, but eating it in front of the fireplace is also a luxury."

I head to the kitchen with Chief Caesar, Benjamin, and Mary.

"Eggs, sugar, and milk are prepared."

Because Mary’s eyes are strict, I make the ice cream by instructing the Barnes family's cook. Though it would be faster if I did it myself.

"Please crack only the egg yolks into the bowl and mix them lightly. Then add the sugar... oh, stop at that point! Once you mix it well, please add the milk and mix. Then add the fresh cream to that. That’s enough."

I’ll do the rest with life magic. I receive the bowl and taste it with a spoon. Thank goodness! Cooks in this other world always immediately put in too much sugar. Since it’s raw egg, I’ll purify it just in case.

"Become ice cream!" If I were to sum up turning it cold while stirring, it would be this. Professor Machias would probably be stunned at such an uncool spell.

"This is the ice cream. Oh, could you chop up the strawberries I brought? And please divide this ice cream in half and put it into bowls."

I add the chopped strawberries and have it stirred one more time. I taste it with a spoon, and yeah, this is fresh strawberry ice cream!

"Young Lady!" It was a small voice, but I got scolded by Mary for tasting it. But I wouldn’t serve it to the Duke of Barnes without tasting it first.

"Please serve this in a glass dish."

Caesar and Benjamin were just watching from behind. We're having an ice cream maker made for us. Do you understand?

A beautiful senior maid brought in two-colored ice cream served in glass dishes to the reception room again.

"Oho, so this is ice cream."

Since I made it, I'll be the first to try it.

"Delicious!"

Yes, it's been one year and two months since I came to this other world. My first ice cream. In the cold Granger household, I wouldn't want to eat it in winter, but the reception room of the Duke of Burns' residence is warm, so it's delicious.

The Duke, Caesar, and Benjamin are also eating it and are surprised, saying, "It's delicious."

"If we serve this at the Aoba Festival, it's likely to be a hit! We might even be able to secure new club members."

Club President Caesar is consistent, isn't he? He loves the Alchemy Club so much.

"If we create an ice cream magic tool, we'll sell it at our firm! It would be perfect for summer garden parties."

The Duke of Burns is keen on business, isn't he? That's right, I've just thought of something good. I won't miss an opportunity like this.

"Duke of Burns, I only know my home and the academy. Would you allow me to observe the Burns Trading Company?"

Caesar and Benjamin were dumbfounded by me.

"I didn't think you were such a sheltered girl."

Benjamin is honest. Club President Caesar kept his manners and didn't voice his thoughts since we were in front of my father.

"Miss Patience, please, by all means, come see the Burns Trading Company."

Yes, the Duke of Burns has realized my intentions. That's right, market research is important.
