Summer Vacation Plans

On Sundays, my riding instructor comes over in the afternoon. Samuel came too, so I tried asking him about my final exams. I think I did fine, but I was still a little worried.

"I think I passed Language Arts and Magic Studies. I did okay in Classics, History, and Mathematics, too. I got a certificate of completion for Music, and I passed Magic Practicum, Art, and Dance. I think I did better in Physical Education than some students who passed, but I didn't pass. Mr. Cuthbert probably just doesn't like the equestrian club. Even Daniel, who has the best athletic ability in the class, didn't pass."

It was mostly as I expected, but Physical Education, huh. Mr. Cuthbert, the advisor to the Knights' Club, seems to hold a grudge against the equestrian and magic clubs for the trouble caused during the incident. That teacher is a real problem. As I was thinking about that, Samuel asked me about my summer vacation.

"Patience, aren't you going to the Summer Palace this year?"

Why would he ask that? Was he told by Aunt Liliana to ask me?

When I answered, "I intend to spend the summer vacation at home," he beamed. Wow, how cute!

"Then, why don't you, Nascius, and Henry come to the Northcourt territory with me?"

Oh, I've been invited to a relative's house. I want to do some work in the garden at home, but I also want to show my younger brothers more of the world outside Romano. I'm torn.

"But Henry is only seven years old, so he can't even eat meals with us..."

Nascius is ten, so that's fine, but it would be pitiful for Henry to have to eat separately at someone else's house.

"I also ate separately from others in Romano until I was ten, but at the estate, we ate together except for dinner. My mother said that while Henry won't be able to join us for dinner, he can be with us for everything else."

I suppose that's the same as at home. Hmm, what should I do? While I was worrying, Henry, who had been listening, answered for himself.

"Older Sister, I want to go!"

His eyes are sparkling. He knows I'm weak to his "Please, Older Sister!" attacks.

"Older Sister, I will take care of Henry, so please take us along."

Nascius, you act as if Henry was always going to come if we went from the start. I was the one debating whether to refuse or go. I had planned to spend my summer vacation gardening and doing alchemy research, after all.

"I will give you an answer after I consult with Father."

I was being carefree, thinking that this is a convenient phrase to use in such situations, when I got attacked.

"There is a sea in the Northcourt territory, so I'll teach Nascius and Henry how to swim."

Wow, both of their eyes are sparkling. They've never seen the sea, after all. Samuel is a tactician. He knows it's easier to win over my brothers than it is to win over me.

Ah, Henry has dashed off toward the study where our father is cooped up. It's useless to stop him, isn't it? After all, I do want to show my brothers the sea.

Father gave his permission, so I ended up spending this year's summer vacation at the Northcourt Earldom. If that's the case, this is no time to be doing horseback riding, but Samuel won't let me off the hook. I want to use magic to grow the vegetables in the greenhouse and the back garden and plant the next batch before I head out.

Well, the grades will be announced on Monday, so it'll be summer vacation after that; I suppose that will do. Ah, I also need to sew clothes for Henry. I sewed new ones for Nascius because it was his birthday, but Henry's have become too tight.

When I told Mary about going to the Northcourt territory, she was also flustered, saying she really must sew clothes for Henry. The youngest child is always left for last; it's so pitiful. Yes, I was the youngest child in my previous life, and I hated that I always got my older sister's hand-me-downs. They would buy me new everyday clothes, but things like my piano recital outfit were hand-me-downs. Ah, my furisode kimono was a hand-me-down, too. I'll sew some

new

clothes for Henry!

When I arrived at the dormitory, I found a letter from my Herbology teacher, Mr. Mathias, tucked under my room door.

"Come to the staff room on the day of the closing ceremony... is this about the money for the herbs?"

I've been saving the money from the Barnes Trading Company because Wyatt refused to accept it. Nascius and I receive scholarships from Romano University as a reward, but Henry doesn't, so I intend to use it for that. If he says he wants to join the Knights Order after graduating from the Royal Academy, that's fine, but he might decide he wants to study at Romano University before joining.

That's why I intend to use the payment for the herbs purely as pocket money. I'll give some pocket money to my brothers, too, since we're going to the Northcourt territory. That goes for Patience too; I've never spent money on my own before. It's a good opportunity to let my brothers experience it, like buying a souvenir or something.

While I was thinking about such things, Princess Margaret came to the dormitory. Zofie brewed us some tea as we talked, but she seemed exhausted.

"Patience, won't you come to the Summer Palace? If you say you want to come, Mother won't refuse. My ladies-in-waiting are so bad at waking me up."

Wow, she must have been really scolded by the Queen. It seems she was sternly reprimanded for having a hard time getting up in the morning.

"I am terribly sorry. It has been decided that I will spend this summer vacation at a relative's house with my younger brothers."

Princess Margaret looked disappointed, but I'm looking forward to the summer vacation with my brothers. Aside from the fact that Samuel wants to force me to ride horses, he's actually quite cute.

"That relative, could it be Samuel? The Northcourt Earldom should be near the Summer Palace."

Samuel also said there was a sea there, and when I recalled the map, it is indeed near the Summer Palace. I can only have a bad premonition, so I don't want to answer.

"Yes, but my younger brothers are coming too."

I gently decline. Princess Margaret smiles.

"Let me see, the older brother is the same age as Jane, and the younger one is the same age as Marcus, right? Mother tells me to be a role model for Jane, but I can't take care of that tomboy. Bring your brothers and come play."

I'm in trouble. I feel like a frog being stared at by a snake. However, I don't think Princess Jane, who is energetic, would suit Nascius, who is a bookworm. I'll do my best for my brother's sake. Ah, I just thought of a good idea.

"Nascius is a bookworm. He is not suited to be a playmate for the energetic Princess Jane. My cousin, Angela Satisford, is the same age and is enthusiastically practicing horse riding."

Princess Margaret thought for a moment and nodded.

"I see. Then, bring Samuel, your brothers, and Angela to play at the Summer Palace. Keith also studied with Samuel, so I think he'll be happy. Since Prince Richard isn't here, Keith only has Jane and Marcus as playmates. I will tell Mother."

Well, I suppose this means I've repaid my debt to Racine for sending the equestrian instructor? Angela doesn't seem to like horse riding, but she likes music, so I thought it might be fine to introduce her to Princess Margaret. If I recall correctly, the Satisford territory was also near the Summer Palace.

I was a fool to nod so easily, thinking it would just be a one-time visit to the palace. I had grown accustomed to serving Princess Margaret and meeting the Queen. It ends up becoming a huge commotion, but I didn't think that far ahead at the time.
