Magic tools that use magic stones and tools that don't

Since coming to the dormitory, I've been thinking about various tools that use magic stones and those that don't. Tools that don't use magic stones, like sewing machines or bicycles, seem like they would be incredibly useful. But it’s painful that I wasn't a science major. I only vaguely remember how things work. Besides, not being able to search on a smartphone is also painful. In my previous life, I really could look up anything with a smartphone search. I've read about isekai stories where characters get the ability to access a world record database, and I’m envious of that.

"Ah, I have to go to the greenhouse!"

I put on my coat and head toward the greenhouse. I quickly pour magic power only into the sprouts of the antidote herbs. It was really hard until I figured out how to do this.

"You, with this, you've also passed Herbalism 3. You just need to pass Herbalism 1, 2, and 3 in the spring semester final exam."

Professor Machias doesn't have any footsteps. Besides, he says it so simply, but I wonder if there's a catch? Like, the tests are incredibly difficult?

"When will the lectures begin?"

He told me before that just reading the textbooks would be enough, but I can't believe it.

"The lectures are from May. You can take them if you want, but instead of that, why don't you make advanced herbs and antidote herbs? If you manage the greenhouse over there and grow them, I'll buy them at a fair price."

I've been offered a side job.

"Aren't you going to cultivate them yourself, Professor Machias?"

"Are you trying to work an old man to the bone? The herbs used in pharmacology are expensive in the winter. Yet, I'm troubled by the many students who only fail. If they lack aptitude, it would be better if they just gave up taking pharmacology."

If you take pharmacology and herbalism, you can take the exam for a low-level pharmacist, after all. I suppose there are many students who don't feel like giving up immediately. I get it!

I thought about planting and selling herbs in the family greenhouse, but I was worried because it seemed difficult to manage while I was away. I don't even know if I can store up enough purified water, either.

"Please let me do it."

I welcome anything that makes money! But I will attend the lectures. Professor Machias has said many times that he hates lazy people. I have no choice but to believe he won't cheat me out of money.

"It's this greenhouse."

The greenhouse I was guided to was twice the size of the one we use.

"Um, isn't it too big?"

He laughs "hehehe" and says things like "It’ll be worth your while."

"I'll leave the seeds with you. Grow them in any way you like. I'll buy them at a high price until spring when the adventurers bring herbs back."

He tosses me the drawstring bag that was hanging from his waist.

"I'll do the harvesting, so just grow as much as you can."

After saying just that, Professor Machias walks away quickly. Yeah, he walks faster than Patience. He disappeared in the blink of an eye.

"First, I have to plow in the fertilizer. Ah, I don't need it for the antidote herbs."

Growing antidote herbs is a lot of work, so maybe I should stop? No, I believe that the antidote herbs grown in my way will be bought at a high price. I divide the greenhouse in half and carry buckets of fertilizer from the outside many times to plow it in.

"Let's stick to just the advanced herbs today."

I plant the seeds soaked in purified water, sprinkle them with purified water, and chant "Grow big!" using everyday magic.

"That's all for today!"

Princess Margaret might have come to the dormitory. I quickly cast everyday magic on myself as well and hurry to the dormitory.

Only at a time like this do I run into Prince Keith.

"Patience, you're in a hurry."

Yes, this is as fast as I can possibly walk.

"Yes, because Princess Margaret might have arrived."

Prince Keith laughs and tells me, "My sister hasn't arrived yet." Whew, it seems I made it in time.

"So, where were you going, Patience?"

Do I really have to tell Prince Keith everything?

"To the greenhouse."

I answer simply. I'll keep the fact that I'm doing a side job at the academy a secret. I don't need any sympathy; the Granger family may be poor, but we are proud.

"Are you still struggling with cultivating things like antidote herbs?"

Huh, you remember that well. Is my failure amusing to you?

"No, I have received a passing grade for the antidote herbs. I went to the greenhouse for other matters."

Prince Keith, you should study your own classics and history instead of worrying about others. I think you're barely making the grade for skipping grades. Ralph and Hugo arrive, and although I thought I was finally released, for some reason we are sitting in the cafeteria talking.

"Lady Patience, the study session on Saturday was fun."

I think Ralph was already good at classics before. Also, when did you start using honorifics? I’m sure you were calling me by my name alone in the first year, right? Hmm, I don't remember how Ralph was. At least Hugo was using my name alone. Is it because you are attendants to Princess Margaret that you use honorifics?

"No, isn't it unnecessary for Lord Ralph and Lord Hugo?"

The two of them say in a panic, "It also helps with studying Dane." Is it that hard for them to be separated from Prince Keith? Poor them.

"Patience, I want you to teach me history along with classics."

Prince Keith, you should have the royal palace tutor teach you that. Even though I'm thinking that, even Hugo starts saying it.

"I also don't seem able to skip history. Lady Patience, I want you to teach me."

Huh? Isn't something strange?

"Patience, what are you doing?"

Princess Margaret had come to the dormitory.

"Sister, I was having Patience teach me classics, and I was just starting to understand it a little. So I was asking her to teach me a bit more."

Based on Prince Keith's words, it doesn't sound like it's just about this Saturday's study session. This is going to be a problem.

"Oh my, it's wonderful that Keith has decided to study classics. Patience, you were always good at teaching. That's it, I want you to teach me home economics math too."

I went up to the special room with Princess Margaret, and while we were doing various things (like checking her home economics math homework), I forgot about whatever was bothering me.

Because Princess Margaret's household account book was terrible.

"Um, income is in this column, and expenses are in this column, right? Why are they all mixed together?"

With this, she won't be able to pass home economics math. I make her rewrite it from scratch on a new page.

The expense items in this other world might be different, so I scan the textbook. Yeah, they're mostly the same. So magic stones are utility bills, huh. The costs for horses are also quite high. They'll be rentals for the time being. Yeah, isn't the social expense in the example too high? Is this normal? Whoa, what is this beauty expense! The only difference from the household account book I know is that there are labor costs, but instead of that, are these "beauty expenses" or "social expenses" okay as an example! It's full of points to nitpick.

"I see, so dress costs are included in beauty expenses."

Isn't that clothing expenses? I wonder if there are really many things that are different?

"After that, if you total those columns, the homework is finished."

Princess Margaret, who has finally finished writing down the income and expenses, heaves a big sigh.

"It seems the previous home economics math account book just required calculating what was already written from the start. All I had to do was add."

That is, as expected, too simple. I think even this account book won't be wrong if you read the textbook properly. Princess Margaret has a feeling of rejection toward numbers, so that's why she makes mistakes.

I brewed tea for Princess Margaret and we drank it together.

"When Patience says it, it sounds so simple, but I wonder if the teacher is explaining it difficultly on purpose?"

"No way, I think Princess Margaret will understand if you listen calmly. It might be good to try reading the textbook before class."

Maybe Princess Margaret is misunderstanding that it's difficult just because of terms like [XX Expenses] that she hasn't heard of before. If she reads the textbook, she should be able to see that it isn't difficult.

"Eh, you're telling me to prepare in advance? Even though I've finally finished my homework... Fine. I'll read it, just read it."

While Princess Margaret was preparing, I was thinking about tools that don't use magic stones. Bicycles, they're good, aren't they? I think bicycles are safer than horses. I understand the general structure. I'd like to make a bicycle in the third period tomorrow.
