The Aftermath of the Storm

The Knight Club seems to have started a petition. Princess Margaret and I both signed it at Prince Keith's request. I wished them the best of luck.

Tuesday is for Geography, Foreign Language, Sewing, and Weaving—nothing to do with the Wizard course. Plus, there’s Music Club after school. I have Foreign Language and Sewing with Princess Margaret.

At lunch, Princess Margaret and I talked about making dresses in sewing class, while Prince Keith and his group were earnestly discussing the petition right next to us. Yeah, I’m grateful for the two-seat buffer zone. Besides, since we’ve already signed it, we’re not targets for the “capture” event. We’re being ignored.

In sewing class, it was hard for me to be mindful not to use everyday magic. First, we baste the cut fabric. Then, we try it on to check the size. Yeah, it’s big. Patience is younger, and even for the same grade, she’s a shrimp. Is it malnutrition? Genetics? My father is thin but tall. I think of my mother’s image. Patience felt tall when I was a child, but recalling the two of them together, she doesn't seem that tall.

Because I'm short, if the skirt flares too much, I look like a little kid. I should watch the volume of the petticoat worn underneath. I want to avoid the "little princess" style.

I pin the parts that are too big. Ms. Cameron helped me too, since this is impossible to do alone.

“Patience, it might be better to leave a slightly larger seam allowance. You’re in your growing phase, so you might get bigger. Oh, but then the pattern won't align.”

I'll just use everyday magic to align it when the time comes. Yeah, I need to know when to use it and when not to. This is no time to be laid-back.

“Princess Margaret, you must not cut there.”

When you take your eyes off Princess Margaret, she does something outrageous. That line is the finished hemline. If you don't cut along the line with the seam allowance included, the skirt will end up too short. Wait? Isn't it short enough as it is?

“Did you hold the pattern against your body before cutting?”

Ah, she didn’t. Does the pattern size even fit in the first place?

“Just in time. The way it was, it was only knee-length.”

Princess Margaret is quite a bit taller than me. Since she’s also older than me, it would look strange if the skirt length wasn’t long enough.

“Well, that’s a relief. At least I want to cover my calves.”

Sewing class is tiring. Somehow, Princess Margaret finished her cutting too. I teach her what to do during the lessons when I’m not there.

“Sew it roughly with this basting thread. Ah, first the darts, then join the skirt pieces, sew the front and back bodice, and then attach the skirt.”

Ah, it’s useless to tell her. She doesn't get it.

The teacher also seems unable to focus only on Princess Margaret because there are too many students doing terrible jobs. She’s running around scolding students who cut incorrectly and teaching them how to patch things up.

“Princess Margaret, sew these darts ① and ② with basting thread. Then, sew parts ③ and ④ of the skirt. Continue until you have sewn parts ⑤ and ⑥ of the skirt in the same way.”

I mark the numbers on the back with chalk.

“So I just need to sew according to the numbers!”

She finally understood. There shouldn't be any major failures now.

“Once you’ve sewn up to this point, I’ll explain the rest.”

I feel like I shouldn't actually pass sewing, but if I finish the polka-dot dress, I'll get a certificate, which is a problem. Oh dear.

I was careful not to use everyday magic for weaving, too. The four of us beginners weave together, *clack-clack*. Handiwork is fun after all! Now, I’m also changing the colors of the warp threads to weave a checkered pattern. My tension has become quite even.

“See you later, Patience!”

“Lily, Sophia, Hannah, see you!”

We say our casual goodbyes and part ways. It’s nice. Since I was a commoner in my past life, this feels much more comfortable. "See you later!" is better than "Good day."

Music Club is a world of "Good day." Today, I’m finishing the song to be provided to the Glee Club with Samuel and the others. Though, I’m still bad at the lute, so I’ll leave it to Samuel and his group.

I came to the Music Club with Princess Margaret, but... huh? The atmosphere is bad.

“That is why I will not sign any such petition. Now, get out!”

Club President Albert is kicking out the Knight Club members. Ah, it’s the petition campaign.

“But to think that the traditional Knight Club would be abolished...”

Even if they persist, Club President Albert and the other boys don’t seem likely to sign. And if I may say so, the sweaty, masculine members aren't rated highly by the female students. They should have sent someone more handsome like Percival or cute like Prince Keith instead.

The Knight Club members were kicked out by Club President Albert, but are they barging into other clubs too? If they aren't more careful about their selection of people, they’ll only attract resentment.

“Now, Samuel, Daniel, Bardiche, and Klaus, start working on the arrangement. Patience, explain the image of the song. I want to write the lyrics based on the song’s image.”

It seems they are adding accompaniment not just for the harmonium, but also for the lute, flute, and percussion instruments. It’s quite grand.

“Club President Albert, I think you’d understand the song’s image if you just asked. More importantly, is the general plot decided?”

Club President Albert pulled out a few sheets of paper.

“Here, I think this ‘Aurelius and Casienne’ is good. The names are long, so I’ll change them to something more pleasing to the ear.”

It’s a famous tragic romance even in the classics. Club President Albert has rearranged it slightly to simplify a love story about a man and woman from rival houses, much like ‘Romeo and Juliet.’

“Alec and Eliza? Those are very short names. Wait, is it a happy ending?”

It was supposed to be a tragic romance, but it’s a happy ending. Is this okay?

“If we’re going to sing and dance, a happy ending is easier to understand and better. It ends on a high note, so there’ll be a lot of applause. Besides, the Drama Club will probably choose a dark tragedy for their program.”

Princess Margaret also reads the synopsis and frowns.

“A famous tragic romance has turned into a trite love story. Is this really alright?”

But Club President Albert insists it’s fine.

“More importantly, Princess Margaret, you said you have acquaintances in the Dance Club. Would they cooperate with the choreography? It would be great if a few people could dance in the back.”

Club President Albert seems way too enthusiastic about the Glee Club. It’s strange!

“Talking to them is fine, but Albert, what are you thinking? It’s strange for you to be so kind.”

Yeah, I think so too.

“No, it’s just that I’m friends with Marks from the Glee Club...”

Rupert presses him, “Club President Albert, spit it out! What are you thinking?”

“Rupert, that’s rude. I’m just trying to provide a new song because Marks is the president of the Glee Club.”

For a normal student, that’s plausible. But for Club President Albert, who only loves music, it’s too fishy to believe he’d do it for a friend.

“Since when did you become friends with Marks? You are classmates, but didn’t you laugh and mock him for joining the Chorus Club... Don’t tell me, did you instigate Marks into forming the Glee Club?”

Ah, that sounds like something he’d do. When there was trouble with the Chorus Club during the Aoba Festival, Albert was extremely angry.

“Marks was dissatisfied with the Chorus Club for singing only such old songs. But he complained that men were a minority in the Chorus Club and had no say, so I just advised him that he should start a new club.”

Everyone clutched their heads.

“Albert, if the Chorus Club finds out about this, you’ll meet the same fate as the Knight Club.”

Yet, Club President Albert says it coolly.

“I didn’t do anything in particular. Marks just happened to start the Glee Club. And it’s not a bad thing, right?”

I don’t know if Marks was instigated by Albert to start the Glee Club or if he was already dissatisfied and just needed a push. But it’s certain that the Chorus Club will hold a grudge.

“With this Knight Club incident, everyone is paying attention to the Student Council rules. You must never talk about this outside.”

Everyone nods at Princess Margaret’s instruction.

“Albert, don’t ever do anything unnecessary again.”

Princess Margaret scolded him firmly, but it’s unclear if Albert truly understood. This is quite the aftermath of the storm.
