Hot water bottle! Hot water bottle!

For some reason, it was decided that the classical literature study group would be on Saturday afternoons. The location, of all places, is the Northcourt Count’s residence. When I talked to Samuel, he said he received a letter from Aunt Liliana telling him to have it at their house. Samuel came with the letter on Friday, having talked about it at the music club on Thursday. Such speed!

“Wouldn’t it be a bother?” I asked, just in case.

“Mother is floating on air hearing that Prince Keith is coming, so Patience, you don’t need to worry.”

Ah, I can just picture her making a big fuss.

“Make sure you emphasize to your aunt that it’s a study group.”

Samuel replied that he would mention it, at least.

More than that, I have to think of a fun way to learn Daanish. Yeah, at times like this, I should ask an expert. I visited Mr. Morse in the staff room.

“Oh, you’re Patience, were you? Do you have a question?”

Mr. Morse is a chatterbox, so he’s easy to talk to.

“My cousin is very bad at classical literature. He seems like he’s about to run away just hearing the word ‘classical literature.’ But he has a very good sense of pitch, so I thought if I taught him Daanish songs, the rejection of classical literature might disappear.”

Mr. Morse laughed as if he found it interesting.

“It is true that for some reason, Imperial remains in Daanish. Since other Emperado languages have changed more, the Daanish country at the northern tip might be closer to the original Imperial language. Very well. There are plenty of Daanish songs. By all means, teach them to your cousin.”

He lent me books such as collections of Daanish songs and interesting folktales.

“Mr. Morse, thank you very much.”

When I thanked him, he laughed and waved his hand.

“No, I also have an ulterior motive that if more students take Daanish classes with this, it would be good. So, please don’t worry about it. There should still be song collections in the library, too.”

I also borrowed song collections from the library. I hope this cures Samuel’s and Prince Keith’s hatred of classical literature.

Since preparations for Saturday are now complete, let’s make hot water bottles in the Alchemy Club on Friday afternoon! I count on my fingers how many to make. Me, Nascius, Henry, Father, Mary, Eva, Wyatt, George, Matthew!

“I wonder if it’s okay to make nine of them? I have to ask Chairman Caesar. Oh, I should make one for Princess Margaret, too.”

The dormitory is warm, and the royal palace is probably warm too, but a hot water bottle might be good for Princess Margaret, who is not a morning person.

“Is ten being too pushy?”

Since I wanted to make hot water bottles this time, I also drew a more detailed diagram of the washing machine. While Chairman Caesar and the others are looking at this, I’ll make the hot water bottles.

Before I could say “Good day,” Benjamin called out to me, “You’re late!” I had stopped by the staff room and the library, after all.

“I had a little business to attend to…” Even so, regular club activities are after school, and right now it’s the third period. It’s not being late.

“This is a detailed diagram of the washing machine. May I make hot water bottles?”

Benjamin snatched the diagram and looked at it with Chairman Caesar.

“Chairman Caesar, may I make ten of them?”

He absentmindedly gave his permission, saying, “Yeah, do as you like.” You did it!

First, I’ll try making one. Because if the hot water overflows, I’ll get burned. The screw on this mouth and the screw on the cap have to match perfectly.

“Become a hot water bottle!” I visualize the hot water bottle from my previous life and chant in front of the kiln. It’s oval-shaped, the bottom is flat, there are several ridges on the surface, and the part where the hot water is poured sticks out slightly and has screw threads.

“Become a cap for the hot water bottle!” The cap dropped down with a clunk.

“I hope this closes properly.”

I try tightening the cap onto the mouth of the hot water bottle.

“Yeah, it closes properly! Next, I have to test if the hot water will overflow.”

First, I put in water and try shaking the hot water bottle.

“Yup, no water is leaking!”

As expected, since it is a hot water bottle, I want to experiment with hot water.

“Chairman Caesar, may I boil some water?” I ask for permission just in case, but he gives a half-hearted reply.

“Now, let’s try putting in hot water.”

I pour the hot water boiled in the kettle into the mouth. And then tighten the cap.

“It’s hot! I have to put it in a cover.” It’s warm once I put it in the cover. The Alchemy Club has a kiln, so it isn’t cold, but I seem to be more sensitive to the cold than the people of the Lawrence Kingdom. Perhaps the cold from when I was reincarnated has become a trauma.

I sit in a chair, hug the hot water bottle to my stomach, and relax. Isn’t being warm nice?

“Oh, Patience, you finished it?”

Finally, Chairman Caesar and Benjamin noticed that I was making something.

“Yes, I think this is good, so all that’s left is to make many more.”

They reach out, saying “Let me see for a moment,” so I stand up from the chair and hand the hot water bottle to Chairman Caesar.

“Hmm, it’s warm. May I take the cover off?”

“If you take the cover off, it’s hot. I put boiling water in it.”

I warned him, so he took it halfway out of the cover and started muttering.

“I see, if you put hot water in before going to bed at night and put it in the futon, you can sleep warmly. And then, do you wash your face with that water in the morning? You don’t need magic stones either, it would be convenient for the common people. This is a product my father would like.”

That’s right, because hot water bottles are groundbreaking.

“Patience, is this something to be made of iron? Iron is weak against rust.”

I hadn’t thought that far ahead. If I recall, copper was expensive, right?

“If possible, copper would be best, but if it becomes expensive, plating is fine.”

It seems there is plating in this other world, too.

“If we are going to copper-plate it, we have to melt the copper.”

I put a new pot on the empty kiln. Isn’t plating done by electrolysis? But this is another world. Besides, there is alchemy where anything goes.

I put the hot water bottle that I emptied of water into the copper pot and say, “Apply copper plating,” and it’s done. Rather than being made of iron, having copper plating is more hygienic for washing your face, isn’t it? And it’s hard to rust.

“Chairman Caesar, may I make some for my family too?”

In the younger brothers’ nursery, they put out the fireplace fire before going to sleep. It’s warmer than last year, but it gets chilly in the morning, doesn't it?

“Yeah, you can do that much as you like, but wouldn’t you like to sell this hot water bottle at my father’s firm?”

“Eh, I make it and sell it?”

A side job is nice, but isn’t it wrong to have the materials provided by the Alchemy Club?

Chairman Caesar seems to have understood my thoughts and bursts into laughter.

“No. It means we provide the manufacturing method for this hot water bottle to the Barnes Firm, and you receive a percentage of the sales. Well, I think a simple version of product registration for a patent will suffice.”

Because it’s such a simple item, it doesn’t go as far as a patent. Besides, a similar item might exist somewhere else in this other world.

“I don’t even know what product registration is, but I believe in you, Chairman Caesar, and leave it to you.”

When I said that, Benjamin was dumbfounded.

“Patience, wouldn’t it be better to consult with your father? This is a story that sounds like it could make money. Why don’t you leave it to your family’s lawyer or accountant?”

Instead of consulting my father, I’ll leave it to Wyatt. Besides, there is no lawyer or accountant, and no money to hire one. Besides, if someone is trying to deceive me, I’d probably be deceived no matter what I do by Duke Barnes, who is rumored to be an operator.

“No, I believe in Chairman Caesar and will leave it to you.”

In cases like this, I have no choice but to trust him.

“That’s right, let’s have an opportunity to meet with my father next time. Now, make the hot water bottles. Once that’s finished, we’ll make the washing machine!”

By the end of the fourth period, I had made 11 hot water bottles. I handed the first one to Chairman Caesar.

“I’ll show this to my father. Now, let’s make the washing machine.”

Arthur and Bryce also arrived, so while making a fuss, the five of us somehow made a prototype of a washing tub.

“Put water in, spin, and drain. If we place these magic circles in each place, we might be able to do it!”

I place a magic circle for putting in water on the upper part of the large metal box, a magic circle for rotating on the propeller below, and install a drainage magic circle at the bottom of the box. If we place magic stones on them, a prototype of the washing machine should be finished, but it doesn’t go as planned at all.

“Patience, it’s already dark.”

At Bryce’s words, I’m startled. Ah, even though I thought I had to be careful, it’s pitch black outside the window.

“I’ll walk you home, Patience. Besides, you have a lot of luggage.”

It’s because I got greedy and made 11 hot water bottles.

“Bryce, I’ll walk her home too. It looks like a lot of luggage.”

Benjamin held the hot water bottles I was carrying.

“Thank you. I was thinking of returning to the dormitory before it got dark, but I ended up staying late.”

The two of them laughed at me.

“Patience, you’re now a member of the Alchemy Club to the marrow of your bones.”

Ah, Benjamin, I’d like you to stop that. Don’t you know the evaluation of the Alchemy Club is that it’s a gathering of weirdos?

“I want to increase the number of new club members at the Aoba Festival.”

At Bryce's words, I suddenly realized that we had narrowly avoided having the club disbanded.

"An exhibition of washing machines might not really attract much interest from the students. We might have to make some kind of magical tool that draws people in for the exhibition."

I was surprised when Benjamin shouted "Exactly!" right beside me. Keep the 'Lion-Maru' to just your hairstyle, will you? Stop roaring!

"Patience, can you come up with any good ideas?"

Wait, are you dumping this all on me? Ah, what about that? But eggs are expensive, aren't they?

"It looks like you've thought of something!"

I was being pressed by Bryce, the sensible one of the Alchemy Club.

"Yes, I will tell you after I have thought about it a little more."

Benjamin was ruffling his hair and making a fuss, shouting "Tell us now!", but we have arrived at the dormitory. Good grief.
