Ice cream recipe

On Saturday, I carried heavy luggage to the carriage with Mary. Only part of the way, though. George couldn't come to the girls' dormitory, so Mary ran to the carriage and called him to the dorm cafeteria.

"My lady, what is this?"

Mary asked me as soon as I got into the carriage.

"We're going to sell ice cream at the Green Leaf Festival. But, up until now, we haven't been measuring the quantities precisely. If we do that, the flavor won't be consistent, so I have to create a recipe."

Mary's eyes sparkle when she hears "ice cream." She must have eaten it at the Duke of Barnes' estate.

"That is important, indeed." She looks happy.

"Yes, but it has to be measured precisely."

Besides, the ice cream maker this time is large. It's the type that can make about 2 liters. There are also smaller types that will be sold at the Barnes Firm. Ah, maybe I should have made it with the smaller type and doubled that recipe. But the one currently in the Alchemy Club is the large type.

I'll do the test run in two parts: Saturday and Sunday. Half the amount should be fine.

Above all else, I prioritize time with my younger brothers. Nascius has almost finished learning his primary school curriculum. If he passes the practical magic exam, he'll skip a grade. I believe he'll pass the art and music practicals too. Dancing and physical education depend on the teachers.

Henry has also finished most of his pre-enrollment studies for the Royal Academy. He’s so smart. I’m receiving an education from my previous life, so it’s only natural for me, but Henry is truly amazing for a 7-year-old.

"Both of you are studying very well."

Seriously, the Granger family is a smart lineage. Nascius seems to have become a bit more robust through his swordsmanship lessons and horse-riding training. Henry is full of energy. He seems to be helping Matthew a lot, too. He has energy to spare.

We had spring cabbage for lunch. It’s not on the market or anything yet, but since I gave it a little boost with magic, our home’s harvest is early. I’ll have Eva sell half of it. I decided to sell it while the prices are high. Besides, it’s soft and delicious.

"This is delicious."

I had them make cabbage rolls with the soft spring cabbage. This is also a budget-friendly recipe because you can eat a lot with only a little meat. A higher ratio of cabbage is how I’ve liked my cabbage rolls since my previous life.

"Sister, the spring cabbage is sweet."

Nascius notices even delicate differences in taste. Henry ate his in one go.

"We'll be able to harvest plenty from now on, so make sure to eat lots."

Not only spring cabbage, but peas, lettuce, and potatoes are planted in the back garden. We managed to get through this winter without starving. I'll work hard again this year.

My younger brothers are growing steadily, and Patience has grown a little taller, too. That’s why I have to buy new shoes. These ones have reached their limit.

In the afternoon, I’m working on the ice cream recipe with Eva.

"The Green Leaf Festival is in May, but will raw eggs be okay?"

Even in April, mornings and evenings in Romano are still chilly, but once May comes, there are many hot days during the day. If I cast "Become clean!" with my life magic, the eggs should be purified, so it should be fine, but food poisoning at the Green Leaf Festival would be unacceptable.

"I've heard from Mary that ice cream is a frozen dessert. If it's a sweet mainly eaten in the summer, it's safer not to use raw eggs."

I intend to include this recipe when the Barnes Firm starts selling the ice cream makers. I want to prioritize safety.

"First, mix the sugar and milk and heat it. Then, when little bubbles appear around the edge of the pot, remove it from the heat. Pour the milk with the dissolved sugar into the beaten egg yolks, stir, and heat for about 5 minutes. Whip the fresh cream, mix it with the cooled milk mixture, and put it into the ice cream maker."

It seems Eva decided to make it with 1 liter.

I’ll leave the amount of sugar and the number of egg yolks up to Eva. She’s more accustomed to cooking than I am, and she’s made my previous life's dessert recipes many times before, so she won't make it gritty with sugar.

I'll think about how to use the leftover egg whites. Sponge cakes would be good, but meringues are the way to go. They keep well, and we could even sell them.

I used life magic to cool the hot milk containing egg yolks and sugar. I also whipped the fresh cream. But it’s Eva who mixes them all together.

"My lady, should I put this in here?"

I could make it with my life magic, but let's use the ice cream maker.

"Yes, it should work with this."

Unlike the trial run at the Alchemy Club, this method involves heating the eggs, so the taste might change. We have to test it.

"Eva, I'm thinking of making a new sweet with the leftover egg whites. We'll make it only with egg whites and sugar. The sugar needs to be finer, though. We’ll mix it with the egg whites, whip it, put it in small rounds on an iron plate, and just bake it."

I’ll use the piping nozzle I made before! I had made a piping bag nozzle for Nascius's birthday cake this year. I also made a whisk. It’s not a magic tool yet, though. Eva is happy that it’s easier than mixing with a fork. I’ll do the whipping this time. Then Eva will put it into a piping bag and place small rounds on the tray.

"Don't bake it at too high a temperature. Bake it slowly at a low temperature."

It’s frustrating that I can’t do it myself, but it’s certainly true that Eva is better at it.

"My lady." As far as Mary is concerned, this is the longest she's let me stay in the kitchen. Thanks to the ice cream. But the ingredients are in the ice cream maker, and the meringues are in the oven. The rest is up to Eva.

Until tea time, I’ll make hair accessories with Mary. I made ribbons out of navy blue fabric and attached pieces of fabric cut into circles to look like small white polka dots.

"My lady, is the dress made of this fabric as well?"

Mary seems worried that dark fabric might be too heavy for summer.

"I'm sewing a white collar and white patterns onto it to make it look like polka dots. Sewing class has gotten difficult since this year. I'm currently sewing a winter dress. It's difficult because there's a lining, too."

The deep green dress I’ll wear to the Harvest Festival is actually already finished. I’m now on my second one, a beautiful blue color. The teacher gave me enough fabric for three dresses because she felt bad that I’d been wearing the same one for three years. The third one is red. The teacher insisted on it because I had only blue tones. I’ve never worn red in my previous life, so I’m a bit troubled. If I wear it now, I think I’ll look way too childish, so I intend to save it for my sixth year. I hope I’ll be glamorous by then. I was slender in my previous life, so I hope I’ll become curvy.

There wasn't any good fabric left for summer clothes, but she said she'd buy some by the autumn semester. In other words, I ended up having to sew six dresses. Since I’m in a growth spurt, I only need to do basting for four of them. Good grief.

"Also, I need new shoes. They’re too tight to wear now."

They were a bit loose at first, then they fit just right, and now they’re tight.

"Oh my, I am so sorry I didn't notice."

I was hoping to go shopping together, but it looks like Mary will be the one to buy them. Too bad!

I served the ice cream at tea time. Tea time hasn't really taken root in the Granger house yet. A little bit more time, I think.

"This is my first time eating this."

My father is surprised, saying he's never eaten it before, but Nascius and Henry are obsessed.

"Sister, is this called ice cream?"

Nascius looks sad now that he's finished eating.

"Yes, I intend to make strawberry ice cream tomorrow."

Nascius’s face lit up with a smile. He’s so cute. I only gave them a little bit, after all. I’ll serve it as dessert tonight, too.

"Sister, it’s too delicious."

Henry, don't look so sad, you can't get a cold stomach. It's still April, after all.

"I made an ice cream maker, so you’ll be able to eat it in the summer, too."

If we don't have eggs, sherbet is fine, too. As usual, we only have the amount of eggs the Queen gives us. They’re still too expensive for the Granger family. Sugar is also an import from the south. I wonder if we can get maple sugar? I’ll look into it next time.

There doesn't seem to be a problem with Eva's recipe. Tomorrow, I'll add strawberries to it, but I'm torn between using fresh strawberries or mixing in jam. If we’re serving it at the Green Leaf Festival, maybe jam? I'll go with a type where I swirl in loose strawberry jam into plain ice cream. It's not like I can stay in the Alchemy Club forever.

"It would be great if I could get the Cooking Club to cooperate... Maybe I should just try telling Chairman Caesar?"

I don't know any of the members of the Cooking Club, so it might be impossible. Besides, it’s not like the Alchemy Club has a good reputation among the female students. If anything, I'm treated as an oddball by all the students. Even though the Magic Club is normal, why is that? I’m sure it’s because of the bad impression left by those dirty white lab coats. They’re always stark white now, though.

Once I build a freezer, will it be okay to make it early? I need to consult on how many people to plan for!

On Sunday afternoon, Samuel came over, so we tasted the strawberry ice cream together.

"Is this called ice cream? It’s delicious!"

Samuel tried to act cool, but he ate it in one go and is staring at mine, but I won't give him any. Well, it seems to be well-received, so I guess that’s fine.
