Let me talk to Wyatt!

I was sent home by carriage while still mentally exhausted from the study session. As for Eva, once she finished making tea-time treats, she just walked home quickly. I’d like to walk home too if the weather were nice. But Aunt Liliana wouldn't be likely to allow it. Moreover, she insisted I stay for dinner, which I struggled to refuse.

I was exhausted, but meeting my younger brothers revitalized me.

"Sister, did the study session go well?"

Nasios is full of curiosity.

"Yes, but it has been decided that we will have study sessions next Saturday as well."

Henry looks a bit sad. He must be sad that his sister will be away. I believe it's not because I brought strawberries as a souvenir.

"Sister, please teach us the Dane language too."

There’s no way I could refuse the request of my cute younger brothers. I played the harp in the parlor and made them sing songs in the Dane language. It’s super cute!

Dinner is just with my father and me. It will be three of us once Nasios turns 10 in June, but it’s pitiful for Henry to eat alone in the nursery. However, it seems to be the norm in this different world. Mary seems to stay with him while serving the meal, but it’s lonely, isn’t it? Or maybe it’s comfortable for him?

After dinner, I head to the nursery. Both of them are already in bed. I have to be careful not to kick the hot water bottles.

"Sister, this hot water bottle is warm."

That’s right! I remember seeing a tool in illustrations of the Middle Ages from my previous life, a metal box with charcoal inside to warm the sheets, but a hot water bottle is better, isn't it? I worry that those might cause a fire.

"Both of you, make sure not to put your feet directly on it. If you keep touching it for a long time, you might get a low-temperature burn."

Nasios makes a confused face, as if asking, "A low-temperature burn?"

"You get burned if you touch fire, right? But if you touch something warm for a long time, you can get burned even at a low temperature."

I kiss both of them and dim the magic lamp placed on the side table.

"Sister, thank you for making this magic lamp."

Henry, you’re so cute that I’ll give you a second kiss.

Hot water bottles are truly great. They’re so cozy.

I slept soundly until morning, and yesterday's fatigue has healed. As expected, young bodies recover quickly.

The hot water inside the bottle is also at the perfect temperature for washing my face.

In the morning, I studied with my brothers and spent time picking strawberries in the greenhouse. The riding instructor is coming in the afternoon, but I have to talk to Wyatt. It's not that I dislike horseback riding, so I didn't schedule it just for that time. Really!

"Wyatt, did you use the hot water bottle?"

It seems Wyatt was also cozy with the hot water bottle. I can tell by his smile.

"Yes, it seems the Viscount also slept soundly until morning."

Now, how should I bring this up?

"I made that at the Alchemy Club. However, a magic stone is not needed for the hot water bottle. Chief Caesar, who is the eldest son of Duke Barnes, suggested that I should sell this hot water bottle through the Barnes Trading Company."

Wyatt gets a serious expression when he hears "Barnes Trading Company."

"That is a good story, but does My Lady intend to hand over the rights to manufacture the hot water bottles?"

That is exactly what I am consulting him about, as I wanted to hear his opinion.

"The amount I can make through alchemy is limited. I think this is a tool that would be better if produced in large quantities and sold at a low price."

Wyatt smiles and nods.

"Then, I think it is a good idea to leave it to the Barnes Trading Company. If you show me the contract before you sign it, I will give you advice so that it won't be disadvantageous to you."

Yes, I don't know anything about contracts in this different world, after all. I need to study that from now on. For now, let me do some side work in my room! I was too tired to do side work on Saturday.

My side work has also been upgraded. I’ve been drawing miniatures for tea sets, but side work involving drawing magic circles for magic lamps is more profitable. Also, I do some embroidery side work at the dormitory during my spare time.

In times like this, I use "Life Magic" from the start. I quickly draw the specified miniature on the tea set, and then I quickly draw the magic circles.

Yes, I think this will allow me to buy embroidery thread. Not only for Nasios, but I should also embroider the facings of my uniform. I suppose the Granger family crest is fine for Nasios, but maybe I should change mine a bit? Like the women's crests from my previous life—books and pens are a bit unappealing, so maybe a book and a rose would be nice. Let me consult with Mary.

"Lady Julianne's emblem was a white lily. It would be good for you to decide on your own emblem as well, My Lady."

I see, women don't have to use family crests; plants or flowers are fine too. Now, what should I choose?

"I'll think about it a little."

If Patience were to choose, it might be a rose. Besides, roses are earning me money. However, a more common, everyday plant would suit me better. Strawberry flowers are cute, aren't they? And strawberries are edible! Five white petals with yellow stamens. I added leaves to it. It looks good! While I'm a child, maybe it would be nice to have a little strawberry peeking through.

Next, I draw a diagram for a needle threader. Yes, not the difficult box-type needle threader, but the cheaper version where a thin diamond-shaped wire is attached to a thin metal plate. My mother used the box-type one in my previous life, but the one I took to my apartment when I lived alone was the simple version that came in the sewing kit I got in home economics class. This might sell too, right?

I want an iron made as a magic tool. Especially a small iron for pressing the fine areas my mother used for patchwork. Maybe a steam iron would be good?

Thinking of irons, I also think of a hair iron. Rolled hair is in fashion. They use irons heated with charcoal, but it seems there are burns and hair damage. This requires a magic stone, definitely!

That’s right, in my previous life, hair dryers or hair irons that emit negative ions were expensive. This is something I need to consult with Chief Caesar about!

"As expected, it’s very inconvenient if I can't draw magic circles myself. I have to take 'Magic Circles 2' in the fall semester, even if I have to sacrifice other subjects!"

I was writing a list of things to make in my room. The previous one was a wish list. This one is a list of things I can possibly make myself. That’s why I was thinking mainly of things that don't use magic stones as much as possible.

"Is a treadle sewing machine feasible? It's the sewing machine my grandmother used, but I don't really understand the structure. But it would be great if I could make one!"

Every time I remember how the bobbin, the upper thread, and the lower thread cross to sew, I draw it in a diagram. I also draw a rough sketch.

"I don't think I can make a sewing machine with this, but it’s something to consult about. It feels like everything is 'something to consult about'."

If I could make a sewing machine, I might make a fortune! As I was thinking that, Henry came to call me.

"Sister, Samuel and the riding instructor have arrived!"

Ah, Henry’s eyes are dazzling.

I answered, "I understand," but my heart is heavy. I want to think about the sewing machine that seems more profitable than the horseback riding I’m bad at.

"Patience, you're late!"

Samuel, you’re energetic. If you have that much energy to spare, why don't you study classics or mathematics? I feel like saying something mean like that. But since I'm an adult, I won't say it.

"I have to go to the dormitory, so I only have a little time."

"Then hurry up and get on!"

Ah, Samuel, be prepared for next Saturday. I’m going to whip you into shape, I promise.
