So, it is possible to get a qualification.

I’m excited because Father told me he’d give me a reward for helping Prince Richard make salt. Plus, the greenhouse has been expanded, too.

"What should I plant? Maybe I can cut some uniquely colored roses from the academy garden come spring and plant those. If medicinal herbs sell well, I could grow those, too."

Thinking about making money always cheers me up.

"Sister, you consulted with Father, didn't you? That's wonderful."

Oh, she went back to calling me "Sister" (Onee-sama) instead of "Older Sister" (Ane-ue). Was that just because it was an emergency before? It doesn’t really matter which one it is. Just as the way she addresses me changes little by little, perhaps the "me" inside Nascius is changing, too. When he enters the Royal Academy, he’ll make more friends, and maybe my existence within him will gradually shrink. It’s a little lonely, but I want him to make lots of friends.

In the afternoon, I teach Hanon and my younger brothers how to dance. I have the two of them pair up, and it’s so cute. Since Hanon has created many new etudes for practice, both of them are enjoying playing.

"Nascius, you must also play your finger exercises."

The etudes Patience had are boring, but they are good for finger practice. I have to make Nascius practice them, too.

After that, it’s Glee Club homework. I guess I really am a pushover, aren't I? I play while recalling love songs from my previous life. I’ve played quite a few, but it’s unclear if this will actually turn into an opera.

But something like "Amazing Grace" is wonderful, isn't it? I have the urge to sing it, but I only know the lyrics from my previous life. When I was humming it, Nascius hummed along, too.

"Sister, that’s a wonderful song."

"Indeed. But I'm not good at writing lyrics. This is a song meant to be offered to God."

It’s a hymn from my previous life, so it’s not a lie. Even so, being able to play a song from memory is one thing, but transcribing it into musical notation is tough.

"Ah, Samuel seems good at that, though."

I live in the dormitory, while Samuel is a day student. I can only get his help on weekends.

"Say, Nascius, don't you want to meet our cousin? I'm thinking of calling Samuel here."

Ordinarily, I wouldn't want anyone to disturb my time with my younger brothers, but I’m really bad at musical notation. I write a letter to Samuel in my room asking for his help and have Mary deliver it. The Northcourt Earldom is right nearby. Really, Aunt Liliana—even if you are a married woman, you were quite good at turning a blind eye to that life of poverty. Hmph!

But well, perhaps she was just angry at Father for remaining unemployed. From the perspective of an Earldom, perhaps they didn’t want to look after poor, unemployed relatives. While thinking about that, the reply arrived.

"Tomorrow afternoon? Well, it can't be helped."

Truthfully, I’d want his help starting right now, but the afternoon tea time has already passed. We don't have such an elegant custom as "tea time" at the Granger household, but it's too late a time to visit another estate. Also, it’s a matter of etiquette to avoid visiting in the morning if possible. Especially near noon! Prince Richard!

I think the Angus Earldom used to be considerate enough to prepare lunch for me. Well, I left without eating it, though. If that had been the Granger household, it would have been such a blow that we’d be living on thin soup for several days again. Not that it matters to the Angus Earldom.

I tell Wyatt that I’ll be going to the dormitory tomorrow evening. I also have a question for him.

"Wyatt, do low-grade medicinal herbs or low-grade recovery potions sell well?"

Wyatt makes a difficult face.

"Low-grade medicinal herbs sell for a bit more in the winter, but in the spring, novice adventurers gather a lot of them, so the price drops. Also, you need a pharmacist's license to sell low-grade recovery potions."

Well, that makes sense. Teacher Macias gives me permission to sell my high-grade recovery potions.

"You can also obtain a pharmacist's qualification at the Royal Academy."

I was surprised!

"What? You can get a pharmacist's qualification?"

It seems Wyatt finds my surprise amusing.

"Yes. It's for a low-grade pharmacist, but if I recall, you can obtain it by receiving certificates of completion in Herbology and Pharmacology and then taking the pharmacist's exam."

He looks dumbfounded, as if asking, "You didn't know that?"

"Also, once you graduate from the Royal Academy's Knight Course, you can become an apprentice in the Order of Knights. If you graduate from the Civil Official Course, you can take the exam for junior bureaucrat. The Home Economics Course also allows you to take the exam for lady-in-waiting. The Mage Course is for the junior royal mage exam. There are various other qualification exams you can take."

I listened and nodded, but everything except the lady-in-waiting exam seems to be "junior" level.

"Is it possible that you need to graduate from a university to take the senior-level exams?"

"No, you can also earn the qualifications to take senior exams by actually working. I believe if you study while working as a junior bureaucrat and receive a recommendation from your superior, you can take the senior bureaucrat exam."

That sounds difficult. Nascius was able to get a scholarship, but what will happen to Henry?

"If you graduate from university and join the Order of Knights, are you exempt from being an apprentice?"

Wyatt thinks for a moment before answering.

"It depends on the Order of Knights. I've heard that for the Royal Guards and the First Order of Knights, university graduates are exempt from the apprenticeship. That's because those orders are filled mostly with the sons of high-ranking nobles. However, there are also sons of hereditary knights who enter from the Royal Academy."

"I heard Lord Salles graduated from the Royal Academy and joined the First Order of Knights. He is from the Earldom of Monterascide, yet he didn't go to university, I see."

I found myself thinking, "Was Lord Salles not good at studying?"

"That's because the earlier you join the Order of Knights, the faster you advance in your career. Even if you shorten your two-year apprenticeship by having a university degree, your classmates might have already reached a higher rank by then. Therefore, those who have decided to join the Order of Knights generally don't go to university. However, those who are the 'staff officer' type place great importance on what they learn at university."

I see. The Knight Course is complicated. But if Henry wants to go to university, I want to make sure he can.

"First, I'll aim to get my certificates of completion in Herbology and Pharmacology."

Wyatt looked at me with an expression of disbelief.

"It is not that simple."

I'll get them in the autumn semester! Oh, I'm truly busy. I also have to do my side job of painting miniatures on pottery at night. I'll use life magic for this from the start. A side job is different from a hobby, after all.
