Can’t escape the storm?

Herbology 2 is in the same greenhouse as Herbology. Professor Machias, foreseeing that I had no free time, gave me permission to take Herbology 2 during this slot.

"Patience, you can harvest the low-grade herbs in your ridge now. Do you want the seeds? If you want the seeds, leave the two plants on the edge. If you don't need them, pull them all out."

Wyatt said that since adventurers would collect low-grade herbs in the forest come spring, the price would drop, but it is currently still winter, and I want to cultivate them in the greenhouse.

"I would like the seeds."

Leaving two plants behind, I pull out the rest of the low-grade herbs.

"Yes, they are growing well. I'll buy these low-grade herbs."

Oh, I managed to do some side work in a place like this.

"Hey, don't just stand there blankly, mix the fertilizer into the ridge."

Outside the greenhouse, there is a box containing fertilizer. Yeah, it’s smelly. I put it into a bucket with a shovel and carried it to my ridge.

"Professor Machias, is this amount enough?"

She glances at it and nods, so this must be right. Shoveling this smelly fertilizer into the soil is hard labor. At least for Patience, anyway.

"Patience, shall I help you?"

Bryce offered kindly, but it's not necessary.

"Lord Bryce, thank you. But I am fine."

Imagining the fertilizer being mixed evenly into my ridge, I said, "Fertilizer, mix into my ridge," and cast life magic—a little embarrassing, but I said it out loud. In a blink of an eye, the fertilizer was mixed into the ridge. The students around me were also taken aback.

"You really should have chosen the Mage Course. Just because it's life magic doesn't mean you can't use attack magic—probably, at least."

Professor Machias suggested the Mage Course to me, but I don't really want to use attack magic. Yeah, my life magic is a bit weird, so it seems like I could do things like split firewood. But turning that on people is a no-go.

"Here, these are high-grade herb seeds. These aren't as simple as low-grade herbs. First, you soak the seeds in water. And it has to be purified water. That's right, the water you use must also be purified water."

High-grade herbs seem difficult to cultivate. I take a beaker from a shelf outside the greenhouse and wash it with water. Then, I put water in it, purify it, and soak the seeds.

"Professor Machias, how long should I soak them?"

Professor Machias cackles, "Ke-ke-ke." She really is the spitting image of a witchy old woman.

"That depends on your efforts. You can plant them once the seeds have absorbed enough magic power."

Is this professor enjoying being mean?

"Professor Machias, how do I judge if the seeds have absorbed enough magic power?"

Would there be any change in these black triangular seeds? Like them swelling up?

"It’s good once the seeds stop absorbing magic. You don't even know that? That’s why you’re a softie who goes around watering other students' ridges. Don't do it again."

Oh, it’s been found out that I watered Benjamin and the others' ridges. Is she clairvoyant, by any chance?

"I do rounds of the greenhouse every morning. Even though only you had come in, the soil in the other ridges was also dark, so I knew immediately. Now, hurry up and pour your magic into the seeds. If you dawdle, summer will be here. We have classroom lectures during the summer, you know."

Ah, it’s too hot in the greenhouse in the summer, isn't it? I was thinking so nonchalantly.

"Listen up, everyone. Even if your low-grade herbs wither, you can redo it. Old Man Maverick gets annoyed if too many students fail. But May is the time limit. From then on, it’s classroom lectures. Students who haven't grown them by then will fail. Decide for yourselves whether to give up on taking Herbology or try again in the autumn semester."

Ah, I see that Caesar won't get his Herbology credits. It's because he gets obsessed with alchemy and forgets to water the plants.

Pulling myself together, I pour magic power into the black triangular seeds in the beaker. They look just like morning glory seeds from my previous life.

I pictured the magic power permeating the black triangular seeds and them becoming just a little plump. I grew morning glories when I was in elementary school, after all. Seeds soaked overnight in water would get a little plump.

"May these seeds be filled with enough magic power!" I chanted properly this time, too.

The seeds became a little plump, just as I had imagined. Is this enough? I asked the professor because I couldn't judge those things. Can the other students understand that? Since they’re taking the Mage Course, maybe they can.

"That is enough. You, your chant is getting longer compared to before. I think it was shorter before, why is that?"

She watches me surprisingly closely. I’m impressed.

"My father told me that during my growing years, I should avoid non-verbal casting as much as possible so that my magic doesn't go out of control."

Professor Machias has a serious face.

"What did you do?" she asks.

"I wished the greenhouse were bigger, and although I didn't cast any magic, it somehow expanded."

Realizing it wasn't a serious magic runaway, Professor Machias laughs.

"You're 11 years old, aren't you? Indeed, your magic power will likely continue to increase until your growth period ends. Until that is over, follow your father's advice. But learn some cooler chants and magic names."

That chant is uncool in my opinion. We have a difference of opinion. But I didn't say that and planted the seeds in silence.

"Now that you've planted them, water them. Don't forget to purify it."

I washed the watering can just in case, filled it with water, "Be purified!" I cast, and watered the ridge.

Good grief, it’s watering every day from now on. While I'm at it, I cast "Be purified!" on myself too. I don't want to smell like fertilizer.

The dormitory cafeteria was in an uproar. Basically, no high-ranking nobles stay in the dormitory. Princess Margaret, Prince Keith, Ralph, and Hugo are the exceptions. Students who enrolled in C class and lower-ranking nobles who don't have a mansion in Romano stay in the dormitory, but there were also many students of the knight class.

Oh, with Prince Keith at the center, several students are fired up. I quickly climbed the stairs to the girls' dormitory. I let out a sigh of relief as I entered my room. I have to go to Princess Margaret's room.

"Patience, something terrible has happened. Keith is completely hot-headed."

I felt that even in the cafeteria.

"Yes, members of the Knight Club were gathered around Prince Keith."

I hope they don't do anything stupid, but that excitement feels dangerous.

"I even heard voices about storming the Student Council... surely, they won't actually do it."

Princess Margaret also looks worried. It’s a real pain that Prince Richard has graduated. If it were Prince Richard, they would have been snapped at and that would be the end of it. Besides, he would have called in Director Hammond of the Knight Club and given him a strict warning before the problem became this big.

"Student Council President Rufus also has his problems, but if they storm in, the commotion will only grow."

Princess Margaret smiles. I only have a bad feeling.

"You know, Patience. Prince Richard's idea was to collect a petition wishing for the continuation of the Knight Club, right? And along with Director Hammond's resignation, he intended to settle the Knight Club issue."

That's what I heard, but it's not going according to plan. What is Percival doing? I want him to admonish Prince Keith.

"Indeed, the members of the Knight Club are burning with more anger than Percival realizes. There is definitely an atmosphere where they can't even suggest a petition. It would be better if Keith were the one to bring it up."

Princess Margaret, that smile is scary. It’s a good plan, but who is going to bell the cat? Since you are the older sister, I want to ask Princess Margaret.

"Keith will surely skip lunch. He should be hungry. Now, let's go to the cafeteria when the bell rings."

Does that mean we’ll be having dinner together? I would like to refrain from sitting with Prince Keith, who is on edge, but I guess I can't.
