Bicycle bell ring-ring!

At the Alchemy Club, Club President Caesar and Benjamin were trying somehow to complete the washing tub. But it seems the spin-dry tub is still untouched.

“Oh, Patience! You’ve finally come. I’ve been waiting for you regarding the Aoba Festival.”

Ah, I had forgotten. That was a thing, wasn't it?

“I felt that there were not many visitors to the Alchemy Club’s exhibit last year, so I thought, why not have a food stall instead of just an exhibit?”

Benjamin looked disappointed when he heard “food stall.”

“There isn't a student who would buy works from the Alchemy Club. It seems the Handicraft Club and the Art Club have opened food stalls and are well-received, though.”

I see, last year’s Aoba Festival, I was tied up in the auditorium in the morning, and helping the student council in the afternoon, so I didn’t get much of a chance to look around.

“Um, how much of a budget are we allowed to use?”

To make the things I’m thinking of, it will cost money for materials. Club President Caesar’s eyes suddenly lit up.

“Patience, you’ve thought of something, haven’t you! You can use as much of the budget as you like.”

That wouldn't do, surely!

“I think we should sell ice cream at the Aoba Festival.”

It seems the two of them don’t know what ice cream is. It seems Patience doesn’t know either, but I thought that was because the Granger family is poor.

“What kind of thing is that?”

As I drew a diagram of an ice cream maker, I explained that it is a dessert made by cooling and hardening eggs, milk, and sugar while stirring them.

“Hmm, we won’t know what we’re talking about until we try eating ice cream once. That’s right, my father said he wanted to meet Patience. If it’s at my house, we have the materials, so couldn’t we make ice cream?”

If I use life magic, it seems I could make ice cream.

“I can do that, but I can’t be at the Alchemy Club all the time during the Aoba Festival. Since this is the Alchemy Club, please make an ice cream maker.”

Club President Caesar and Benjamin agreed with that.

“Of course. I’ll think about it after I’ve eaten this ‘ice cream’ thing. So, what is your schedule, Patience?”

Ah, it hurts that Saturday is taken up by the study session.

“I am free on Sunday.”

Now the weekend is completely booked. But I am happy to have them sell my hot water bottle.

“Then I will ask my father about the schedule and give you an answer, but it should probably be fine. I’ll come to pick you up on Sunday afternoon.”

Ah, did Club President Caesar guess that the Granger family is poor because they have no nanny? Or maybe, since he is taking a young lady out, he is getting permission from her father. It’s troublesome no matter how you look at it. Either way, saving on horse rental fees is helpful.

“I want to try eating ice cream too.”

Benjamin decided to come too. Well, that’s the end of the Aoba Festival discussion. Club President Caesar and Benjamin are focused on making the washing machine.

I draw, recalling various aspects of the bicycle’s structure.

“I think this general diagram is fine. The frame, wheels, chain, pedals, saddle, and handlebars. The brake, you grip the handlebars and squeeze, and it stops the wheels with rubber, right? Ah, and a bicycle needs a bell.”

I was drawing the bicycle diagram while muttering to myself, but Benjamin took the diagram away from me.

“What are you trying to make this time?”

Club President Caesar is also tilting his head while looking at the diagram.

“You turn this board sticking out from the side to turn the wheels. Is this a golem, by any chance?”

A golem is like a robot from another world, right?

“No, this is a tool called a bicycle, where you sit here, step on these pedals with your feet to turn them, and travel faster than walking. If it’s made well, it might be more convenient than a horse.”

I am looked at with strange expressions by the two of them.

“Patience, where did you come up with such a thing?”

I was taken aback by Club President Caesar. Is it no good after all?

“No, it’s wonderful! As always, many of Patience’s inventions don't use magic stones.”

That is because the Granger family is poor. From there, the two of them cooperated too, so we thought about the structure of the bicycle here and there.

“We have to make various fine parts, but if this is completed, it will be a product my father will want to sell!”

Benjamin tilts his head at the bell drawn in the diagram.

“Is this necessary? You wouldn't call a servant while riding a bicycle.”

The bell isn't just for calling servants.

“This is to warn people walking ahead. That a bicycle is passing from behind.”

I was taken aback by Benjamin and Club President Caesar.

“Are you already thinking about overtaking people on a bicycle that isn't even made yet? Patience, you have a rich imagination.”

“Shouldn't we worry about such things after the bicycle is made?”

When it comes to bicycles, it's the ring-ring bell. That’s for me, anyway. I spent the whole third period thinking about bicycle parts and finished. I still have to think about many more parts. Indeed, it seems the bell can be put off until later.

Even so, Club President Caesar and Benjamin are faster at thinking of parts than I am. Why! Yeah, their minds are science-oriented. Once they understood the mechanism of the bicycle, it seems they also understood how the parts are assembled.

“Benjamin-sama, it’s time for Herbology.”

I call out to Benjamin, who is engrossed in the bicycle blueprint while tearing at his hair.

“Ah, I have to go to the greenhouse... Club President Caesar, please don't add to my blueprint without permission.”

No, no, that’s my bicycle, though... Well, that’s fine. Boys love tinkering with machines, don't they?

In the greenhouse, I collected seeds for lower-grade herbs and harvested antidote grass as well. I’ll leave two plants because I want the seeds. I have been entrusted with many seeds from Professor Machias, but those are for growing in that greenhouse. These ones are for my own use. I plan to grow and sell them during winter break! Since they seem to get cheaper from spring to autumn, I won't make them then.

“Patience, I will buy those antidote grasses at a high price.”

Of course, I’ll sell them! How much will I get at the end of the term? I’m looking forward to it.

“Well, that’s the end of class. I have to go to the greenhouse!”

Benjamin, who is having trouble with the lower-grade herbs that are as listless as ever, looks at me enviously as I leave the greenhouse. If Benjamin doesn't water them seriously, his second batch of lower-grade herbs seems like they’ll wither too.

“Let’s plant antidote grass today!”

I’ll make a lot of mud balls again. And I’ll put the thin, small seeds of the antidote grass into them one by one. It’s hard because it’s not just one row of furrows like before. Once everything is planted, I’ll apply purified water along with the high-grade herbs. I’ll be going to the greenhouse every day from now on. Days when I have free time are fine, but I don’t have any on Tuesdays.

It seems I might get a certificate once the polka-dot dress is finished in sewing, but if possible, it seems better to stay by Princess Margaret’s side. Also, I might have to make six dresses.

“Tuesday has the Music Club, so after school is also booked, so it has to be in the morning!”

There is no problem with waking up early. Because since coming to this other world, the time I go to bed is very early. The Granger family also had the reason of skimping on candle costs, but the dormitory also has an early lights-out time. I don’t have a clock so I don’t know exactly, but I think I go to bed at 9 or 10 o'clock. In my previous life, 12 o'clock was normal, and before holidays, 2 o'clock was also common.

Well, there was also a theory that it’s better to sleep before 11 o'clock during growth spurts. But, even though I was a night owl in my previous life, I was tall. There might be genetics or something involved too.

Monday: Diplomacy, World History, ?, Herbology 3

Tuesday: Geography, Foreign Language, Sewing, Weaving

Wednesday: Management, ?, ?, Embroidery 3

Thursday: Administration, ?, Calligraphy, Dyeing

Friday: Law, Economics, ?, ?

✳︎Magic Circle 2
