Premonition of a storm

I arrived at the dormitory, but Princess Margaret is still at the royal palace.

"That's right, I need to water the herbs in the greenhouse."

I put my coat back on and head to the greenhouse.

"Oh my, this is awful."

My plot is overgrown with mature, low-grade herbs. However, the herbs in several other plots look weak, or rather, are on the verge of withering.

"They must have gone home on Friday without watering them."

I want to water not only my own plot but also the weak herbs, but if I do that, there's no point in taking Herbology class.

"Oh, Benjamin forgot too. Could Bryce have done the same?"

Those two were in the Alchemy Club until late, weren't they? I watered mine on Saturday, but day students usually don't come in.

"Just this once."

I go ahead and water the plots of Benjamin and Bryce, whose herbs are looking a bit weak.

"Oh, I forgot about Andrew."

Even though he and Benjamin are always fighting, we’re in the same class, and unfairness isn't good. I check the name tag and water his too, while I'm at it.

Back at the dormitory, I warm my chilled body in front of the fireplace while reading my law textbook.

Sophie told me "You have arrived" this time, too. Yeah, I was just concentrating on reading the textbook. After all, I want to get my certificate of completion.

"Patience, I heard from Brother Richard that you are Percival's cousin."

My heart skipped a beat because Prince Richard's name was mentioned.

"Yes, I heard my great-aunt married into the Moran Count family."

Princess Margaret thinks for a moment and smiles.

"In other words, you are very distant relatives."

I don't know where this conversation is going.

"Yes, the blood relation is quite distant."

The super-handsome ones like Percival must have the blood of the Moran Count family. Nashius and Henry are cute, too, but I don't think they will become such breathtakingly beautiful young men as Percival. I'll love him enough for both of us, after all!

"Hmm, then Patience, there is no problem with you marrying Percival."

I was drinking the tea Sophie brewed for me, but I choked.

"I apologize. There is no way I could ever marry him."

Princess Margaret looks at me with suspicious eyes.

"Oh, is that so? My brother said that Percival thinks highly of you. So... but I suppose I was mistaken. That's a pity."

I don't want to hear what's so pitying about it. Surely, she thinks it would be interesting if Percival—whom Catherine and the others are obsessed with—were in a relationship with me, or something of the sort.

"More importantly, I've composed a few new songs for the Glee Club."

Princess Margaret, a music lover, lets her eyes sparkle.

"Oh, so many songs! You really were slacking off as usual, weren't you?"

"No, that's not it. This time, my cousin Samuel wrote the musical score for me. I haven't made a fair copy yet, but you see, it's different from the score I write, isn't it?"

Seeing the score, I realized Samuel had written it all at once when she said, "It looks like it's written more energetically than yours, Patience."

"Samuel said he could play it if he heard it once, didn't he? That means you played it once and he wrote it down. Samuel is truly a genius!"

Sorry, Samuel. It looks like you're going to become the designated sheet music scribe.

"Why don't you leave the transcribing to Samuel from now on? That way, I can enjoy as many new songs as I like."

If it's Samuel, who admires Princess Margaret, he probably wouldn't refuse if she asked him directly. But I hate the idea of my weekends being ruined every time because of that.

"Well, Samuel seems to have joined the Equestrian Club, so I think he's busy."

Oh, damn. Mentioning clubs on the side was a taboo. Princess Margaret's eyebrows rise slightly.

"I'll leave the lyrics to Club President Albert, but I'll try playing the new songs."

I scrambled and fled to Hanon.

"My, these are all wonderful songs. It would be a waste to give them to the Glee Club. Why don't you compose more?"

I can't keep up with Princess Margaret's whims.

"I will make a fair copy and give it to President Albert. I have to have him add the lyrics, after all."

I decided to leave it to President Albert from here on. The next issue is whether or not to tell Princess Margaret about the chaos in the Knights Club.

If I tell her, I'll surely be scolded. She'd say if I had time for that, I should have composed more new songs.

"Princess Margaret, I have a bit of a troublesome matter to discuss."

Seeing my face, Princess Margaret seems to have sensed something.

"Could it be about the Knights Club? I thought that had been resolved... indeed, it is strange for my brother, who has already graduated, to meet with Percival."

Princess Margaret might have also thought it was strange and investigated the relationship between Percival and me. She asked me this and that.

"It looks like this week is going to be a storm. I want to avoid getting caught up in it as much as possible."

It feels hollow to say it when I don't even believe it myself.

"Keith is likely going to make a huge fuss. Please try not to do anything that might offend him."

Huh, me? It's somehow against my will, but I'll keep a low profile until the storm passes.

Even though I had resolved to do that, I ran into him by chance at dinner. That's why I told Princess Margaret to go to the dining hall earlier, but I grumbled internally that it was because she wanted to play the new songs herself.

"Sister, won't you eat with us?"

Ralph and Hugo are with him too. Princess Margaret, please refuse.

"Yes, but let your schoolmates eat with us as well."

Oh, Ralph and Hugo, don't give me that look. You were supposed to be with Prince Keith anyway, right? Wait, does this mean they're worried about me having a confrontation with Prince Keith? Seriously? Is that it?

Dinner was the calm before the storm. When we returned to the private room, Princess Margaret sighed.

"I can't stand this. When will Student Council President Rufus announce the dissolution of the Knights Club?"

"I don't have any concrete information... Please ask Prince Richard."

I wish for the chaos in the Knights Club to subside soon and for Prince Keith to return to normal.

Monday's homeroom was a bit noisy. Besides, Mr. Cuthbert wasn't even hiding his clear displeasure. The dissolution of the Knights Club was going to be announced. I don't know any boys in the Knights Course, but I recognize the faces of my classmates in the Civil Official Course and the Magic User Course. A boy from the Knights Course I don't know is sitting in his chair, seemingly unable to suppress his anger.

In a classroom of about 30 students, 15 are female students, and the rest are male students. There are 3 from the Magic User Course, 7 from the Civil Official Course, and 5 from the Knights Course. The reason Class A of the first year had many boys, totaling 20, was because to have them be Prince Keith's schoolmates, children who were a few months older or younger had their dates of birth falsified to enter the same grade level. Class A of the fourth year has many female students who want to be friends with Princess Margaret. I wonder if they also falsified the girls' birth dates to make them the same grade level? However, there isn't as much of a gender disparity as in Prince Keith's class.

It is a rule that all children of nobles must attend the Royal Academy. And there are also commoners who passed the entrance exam. Class C has many male students. Also, I heard rumors that local nobles and lower-ranking nobles often don't let their illegitimate daughters enroll. Even for illegitimate children, they are made to enroll if they are boys, as they won't be able to get good jobs otherwise. Then what happens to the illegitimate daughters who weren't allowed to enroll? "They are married off to wealthy merchants around the area, or become concubines for local nobles." In this parallel world, the treatment of girls is low.

The reason I'm thinking about this is that Mr. Cuthbert finished reading a notification: "This is a notice from the Student Council. The Knights Club obstructed the autonomy of other clubs, so it will be disbanded as punishment. That is all." It has become like a hornet's nest. Well, the girls are surprised too, but the boys, especially the 5 in the Knights Course, must have heard rumors that there would be some internal disciplinary action, but they shout loudly, "Unbelievable!" "This must be a lie!"

"Mr. Cuthbert, there must be some mistake. How could the traditional Knights Club be disbanded? Isn't it just a one-week suspension of activities?"

It seems Mr. Cuthbert is the advisor for the Knights Club. Perhaps because he is a muscle-brained person, he didn't notice what President Hammond was doing, or maybe he didn't feel the need to stop it even if he did. The homeroom teacher, who should have been quieting the commotion, is instead angry along with the members of the Knights Club.

"Princess Margaret, you have Language and Childcare. If you write down your manners class from this afternoon by recalling tea parties at the royal palace, you'll pass. I have Diplomacy and World History, so I have to move to another classroom."

"Patience, you are very calm. I'm afraid of lunchtime."

"I'm also worried about how much of a shock it will be for Prince Keith. Skipping lunch might be an option."

Princess Margaret considered skipping for a moment but shook her head.

"No, I must supervise him so he doesn't do anything stupid. Let's eat lunch together."

Even when the bell for the first period rang, the male students around Mr. Cuthbert were still making noise. However, some students from the Civil Official and Magic User courses stood up from their seats. Unfortunately, those taking Language in this classroom have no choice but to stay. I'm sure the Language teacher will kick Mr. Cuthbert out.

Even during the Diplomacy and World History classes, there were many scenes where students were somehow distracted and scolded by the teachers.

"I want you to present what you've found regarding the four wise emperors who developed the Kazaria Empire in its early days. The student sitting by the window last time was the first wise emperor, Flavio. The next row is the second wise emperor, Babris. The middle row and the one next to it are the third wise emperor, Lucius. The seats on the corridor side are the fourth wise emperor, Maxim. Flavio-tei, please start your presentation!"

Since the presentation was just reading what we had researched, everyone was able to do it properly. I am the second wise emperor, Babris. I thought about researching it at the library, but the books had already been checked out. At times like these, I'm glad my family's library is so grand. I also presented what I had researched properly.

"Everyone, you're absent-minded! What's wrong?"

They were doing their presentations well, but their attitude toward listening to others' presentations was scattered. I, too, was only thinking about the storm to come.

"Please put a bit more effort into it next week."

It seems the teacher also knows about the Knight Club situation. But that is separate from class. My apologies!

Ah,

I have to go to

the upper-class dining hall. My stomach feels heavy.

"What? What is this?"

The place where upper-class aristocratic students usually have lunch while chatting in an elegant atmosphere has become a scene of strife.

"Patience, over here."

Princess Margaret had arrived at

the upper-class dining hall

first and had partitions set up. However, unlike the Aoba Festival, she had about a third of the dining hall partitioned off.

"I had a refuge made for female students and other students who don't want to get caught up in that commotion. I thought you might be able to eat in a bit more peace."

Inside the partitions, female students who were anxious about the Knight Club abolition uproar were having lunch more quietly than usual.

"I've secured seats for Keith and the others as well, but I'm sure they won't be in any mood to eat lunch."

It is calm inside the partitions, but since the intensity of the storm outside is coming through so vividly, I have no appetite.

"Oh, there were good seats left. Princess Margaret, may I join you? The atmosphere over there is not one in which to have a meal."

Club President Albert and Rupert, as well as members of the Music Club, come fleeing in.

"Yes, anyone may take a seat here as long as they do not bring up that issue."

Samuel and the other first-years are also fleeing here.

"Samuel, you're not allowed to talk about the Horseback Riding Club here either, okay?"

I make sure to warn them just in case. The reason the Knight Club was abolished was that it had forcibly interfered with the Horseback Riding Club and the Magic Club.

"Yeah, I know."

From Samuel's expression, I could tell he had clashed with the Knight Club students.

"Now, have your lunch."

Seeing the first-years from the Music Club start to eat, Princess Margaret also feels relieved.

"As for the ones in the back, they seem to be participating in the heated debate of their own volition, so let's just leave them be."

Quite a bit of lunchtime had passed, but Prince Keith did not come. In other words, they were probably too busy making a huge scene to have lunch.
