At the Earl of Angus’s estate

It was decided by Prince Richard that I would go to the Earl of Angus’s estate to talk with Ralph and Hugo. But I am a young lady. If I were to talk in the estate's reception room, it would be enough to get my father’s permission and have my cousin Percival present, but taking them out requires procedure.

Prince Richard obtained permission from my father, and Mary accompanied us as a maid. Besides, I needed a gift when visiting the Earl of Angus’s estate. I had George arrange a bouquet of roses for Mary to hold. Good grief, even going out is a lot of work.

Prince Richard is traveling incognito. Therefore, the carriage is the one belonging to Percival’s Earl of Moran family. Hmm, it’s nicer than our family’s carriage. The seating order in the carriage at this time was Prince Richard in the most honorable seat, and surprisingly, I was next to him. Even though I am a viscount’s daughter, I have a higher seat than the Earl’s son, Percival. They are gentlemen, so they prioritize ladies. Then, facing the opposite way were Percival and the attendant Mary. Mary, your mouth is a straight line. You are nervous, aren't you?

“Patience, I am truly sorry.” It’s the truth! I was planning on playing with my younger brothers after all.

“No, I don’t know if I can be of any help, but I will try talking to Ralph and Hugo.”

Just as I said that, the carriage arrived at the Earl of Angus’s estate. It’s really close. Or rather, the Viscount Granger estate is truly in a prime location in the Royal Capital. If I sold it, I could go to Nashius University, right? I feel like moving to a smaller house a bit further from the Royal Palace.

“Oh, Prince Richard.”

I was escorted by Prince Richard into the Earl of Angus’s estate. Perhaps they had been informed that he was incognito, as there was no grand welcome at the entrance. I am relieved. However, the Earl of Angus, Hugo, and Ralph were standing at the entrance to greet us.

“Your Highness Richard, Lady Patience, Lord Percival, welcome.”

The amiable Earl of Angus is an adult version of Hugo, isn't he? Since they know this is about the Knight Club, the Countess is not present. As I am a young lady, I would like to refrain from attending as well. After the greetings, Mary handed the bouquet to the Earl’s butler.

“This is, Lady Patience, a magnificent rose. In our greenhouse, such roses do not bloom in the winter.”

I know, that’s why they sell for a high price.

The reception room was warm. Yes, this warmth is nice. I was made to sit next to Prince Richard. Mary seems to be being hosted in another room. In that case, is a maid’s attendance even necessary?

While the Earl of Angus and Prince Richard were talking, I, Ralph, Hugo, and Percival did not open our mouths. High-scented black tea and sugar-coated cakes were served. I will pass on the cake.

After the usual social pleasantries ended, Prince Richard brought up the topic.

“Earl of Angus, the reason I called Ralph here is because I want to talk about the Knight Club.”

Perhaps the Earl of Angus had also heard the story from Hugo, as he nodded and urged the conversation forward.

“Department Head Hammond is taking advantage of Keith’s weaknesses to use him. Keith wants to participate in the Knight Club’s match at the Green Leaf Festival so badly.”

Ralph and Hugo nodded as well. They must have warned him, too.

“That cannot be helped for a young prince. The Knight Club match can be called the main event of the Green Leaf Festival.”

The Earl of Angus also attended the Royal Academy, so he knows the situation.

“However, elementary department students have not finished growing physically. That is why it was decided that only middle department students can participate in Knight Club matches.”

The Earl of Angus knows that too.

“And yet, Department Head Hammond is telling Prince Keith he will let him participate in the match, using him, isn't he?”

Yes, the match itself is not the problem. The problem is that it is being used, and the fact that Prince Keith is being used is a major problem.

“Um, I don't know anything about the Knight Club. I was told that elementary students cannot participate in matches because their bodies are not fully developed, but is there nothing else that can be done? Like demonstrating sword forms, or practice matches between elementary students?”

Percival makes a difficult face. Perhaps he doesn't want to break the Knight Club’s traditions. Hmm, I am an outsider, so I will stay silent.

“Lord Percival, please consider Patience’s suggestion. We don't want Prince Keith to be at the mercy of Department Head Hammond.”

Hugo opened his mouth. As expected, he had warned Prince Keith.

“If it’s a demonstration of sword forms, wouldn’t it be fine even for elementary students whose bodies haven't finished developing?”

Ralph failed to persuade him, too. He is persuading Percival.

“Don’t spoil Keith so much. I’ve thought this for a while, but Patience is too soft on Keith. Ralph and Hugo as well.”

I was scolded by Prince Richard. What a collateral damage.

“Well, well, Lady Patience, Ralph, and Hugo are all concerned about Prince Keith being used, aren't they?”

I thought the Earl of Angus was a big version of Hugo, but he is an adult after all. He gently chides Prince Richard. I feel like I don't really need to be here. Hmm, I’ll stay silent. I don’t like being scolded.

Huh? The Earl of Angus is smiling at me. Did he see through my thoughts? Nobles from another world are scary.

From there, for several minutes, Prince Richard, Percival, Ralph, and Hugo argued with each other.

Hmm, these tea leaves are very high-class. They are the same as the ones in Princess Margaret’s private room. Where did I get the high-class tea leaves I served at home? Yes, the Earl of Angus and I were happily drinking tea in silence. I want to go home and play with my younger brothers.

The Earl of Angus also has it rough. I was thinking that, but he rang the bell on the table to call the butler.

“Prince Richard, would you like some more tea?”

He wanted to reset the vicious cycle of the same conversation, didn't he? Hmm, the Earl of Angus seems good at negotiation. I should learn from him.

“Lord Percival, I belonged to the Knight Club during my student days, so I can understand the desire to protect its traditions. But at the same time, I also remembered my own longing and impatience when I was an elementary student. How was it for you, Lord Percival?”

Oh, so the head of the Angus family also joins the Knight Club. I had assumed that Hugo only joined the Knight Club because he was a lapdog to Prince Keith, even though he is the heir.

“That is... certainly I wanted to participate in matches, but I thought enduring it was also part of knightly training.”

Oh, Percival is not just handsome in appearance, his way of thinking is also stoic.

“We have no choice but to leave the operation of the Knight Club to Department Head Hammond. If so, let’s just think about how to stop him from using Keith.”

Prince Richard was the student council president, after all. He said the club operations are left to the discretion of each club's head. Huh, can't this be used?

“Prince Richard, wasn't there a rule in the student council regulations prohibiting forcing things onto other clubs?”

Prince Richard’s eyes sparkled.

“That’s it. When I was elected student council president, I read it from cover to cover. There was a strict rule that any club that forces things upon other clubs is to be abolished. This is a rule to respect the autonomy of each club. With this, the Knight Club will be abolished!”

Screams and protests erupted from Percival, Ralph, and Hugo.

“That’s unreasonable!”

“That’s too cruel!”

“No way!”

I have no interest in the Knight Club, but that is too strict. However, the Magic Club and the Horse Riding Club are suffering actual damage. Like failing to recruit new students or members quitting.

“Percival, Student Council President Rufus likely hasn't read this rule carefully. Inform him and have the Knight Club abolished.”

Prince Richard looks relieved, thinking that this will allow Prince Keith to escape the control of Department Head Hammond. Hmm, the problem has just escalated, hasn't it? Besides, at this rate, it’s going to turn into a sibling squabble.

“I cannot agree with Department Head Hammond’s methods, but I cannot help with abolishing the Knight Club.”

For some reason, even the Earl of Angus is nodding at Percival’s statement. This is Prince Richard’s provocation. Everyone is falling for it. Eh, Prince Richard, please don’t signal me with your eyes. Good grief.

“Well, in that case, Prince Keith will be saddened. Ever since he enrolled, he has been introducing himself as joining the Knight Club because he is majoring in the Knight Course. Please think of a more peaceful solution for everyone.”

After that, the discussion continued with this and that, and it was settled that Department Head Hammond would take responsibility and resign, thus avoiding abolition.

“I will convey that to Student Council President Rufus. It is better if Percival, Ralph, and Hugo do not get involved. Hammond comes from a warrior family. If you get glared at by him, it will be troublesome later.”

Ralph and Hugo are worried that Prince Keith will be upset if Department Head Hammond resigns.

“If it were according to student council rules, it would normally be abolition. Convince them that they were spared by Department Head Hammond’s resignation. Since you are schoolmates, what will you do if you can’t even do that?”

The Earl of Angus is quite hard on Hugo, isn't he?

"That's right. I'll have Student Council President Rufus declare the club abolished for the time being. Then, I'll tell him to have a petition from the Knight Club and Hammond's resignation submitted, so that they can finally avoid the abolition of the club."

Imagining the commotion Prince Keith would make in the middle of such a raging storm, Ralph, Hugo, and I all put our heads in our hands.

"Patience, I'll leave the follow-up with Keith to you. You're having lunch together anyway, aren't you? Just listen to his complaints."

Eh, are you dumping this entirely on me?

"I'll leave that to Lord Ralph and Lord Hugo. I am merely having lunch with Princess Margaret as her lady-in-waiting."

Best to run away. Oh, Prince Richard's smile is deepening. That's scary. Isn't that intimidation?

"No, I'm asking Ralph and Hugo to look after him during class and such, so I'll leave the lunch hour to you, Patience. It would be troublesome if he were to have a sibling quarrel with Margaret."

Perhaps I should have made "Becoming a woman who can say NO!" my resolution for this year.
